we did the math
health partners' most popular cover & benefits
inspiring you to create a healthier, happier lifestyle
and we’re getting better all the time
we’re revolutionizing health care, and our focus is on you.
our focus is you
we've got your back.
we help you face it when the unexpected happens
a global perspective with a community focus
support when and where it is needed
we’ve made it extremely simple
we know it can be hard to make time to manage your health
discover why so many people are choosing us
we exercise care, responsibility, sound judgement and equality
we are objective in forming our professional opinions
we make it easier, cheaper and more rewarding for our members
with a plan from our healthcare you have control, choice and flexibility
whether you’re travelling or playing, we know what you need.
whether you are a busy executive on the go, a road trip traveler or a parent ferrying your kids, we esnure a protection plan that’s tailored for you.
we help you get it right
we’re for members, not for profits.
we help you live healthier
protecting the things that matter to you
we help you get a healthier life
by choosing us, you’re in the safe hands
enjoy a carefree life knowing you're in good hands
put yourself in our good hands so getting well becomes your priority.
providing the best possible care to our members
we're not driven by profit but by improving and safeguarding the health of our members.
providing members access to a range of affordable, high quality health insurance cover
we care about our members not profits, giving 100% of the surplus back to you.
we are one of oldest and most trusted health insurers, with more than 340, 000 members.
a plan with choices for you and your family
compare online and find great health insurance
choose from a range of quality cover options
want to build your own cover mix & match
need help finding the right cover?
find the right insurance for you and your loved ones
find what matters to you the most
our plans are designed to deliver
find the right cover at the right price easily
design your own plan to match your needs and budget
create a customised hospital and extras package that best suits your needs
look no further. we have a variety of individual health plans to fit your needs
providing the right cover in a constantly changing world.
an innovative health insurance plan that combines high quality healthcare with exceptional value for money.
you use the cash however you decide
dental and vision plans to fit your needs
get the most out of your health insurance
programs to keep you at your best
get the most value from your coverage
get full control of your health cover
take a big bite out of life
buffer your life coverage during crucial periods
sadly, some diseases strike when least expected
immediate access to the very best medical care
a policy that is as flexible as you need it to be.
prompt access to healthcare providers, no matter where you are.
get prompt, private treatment, so you can return to doing what you love.
helping you live life with confidence
flexibility to meet your needs as your life changes
no matter what you value in life, good health comes first
cover is focused on where it is needed
don’t let health care costs drain your savings.
add vision and hearing discounts at no extra charge.
join today and get 6 weeks free
cover for just £14.50 a month per person
are you paying for benefits you don't need?
on average, our members save 9% with wellplan rewards
complete - comprehensive coverage with generous benefits
affordable choice that helps get you more for your money
avoid the rate rise and lock in the current rate
offering members a wide range of ongoing discounts and rewards so you'll get more than just great health insurance
eliminate your out-of-pocket expenses for specialist care you receive
create a customised hospital and extras package that best suits your needs
our flexi limit makes using your extras simple
with our extras covers, you're not restricted to a network
access to value added benefits on top of your insurance cover, at no additional cost.
not sure what cover you need?
knowing about your plan is important
learn how to keep your costs manageable, and how to use your coverage to the fullest.
finding it difficult to make head or tail of all the protection products out there
the healthier you get, the greater your reward
the longer you stick with us the more your limit will grow.
enjoy easy claims processing, plus a 30-day guarantee.
claiming on the go has never been easier.
claim your way to a new you
claim on the spot
make a claim whenever you need to, however often you need to.
we process and pay, not deny and delay.
peace of mind for when you're away from home
protect the things you love coming home to
bridge protection gaps for yourself and your loved ones
if you're sick or injured, the costs can really start to pile up
greater cover for all who're close to your heart
stress can ruin the joy in your life.
don’t go with someone you don’t know
providing the right cover for you and your loved ones in a constantly changing world.
watch what real members have to say
extra tax that you could avoid
transferring coverage or getting a new plan: what’s the best option?
what a bright idea! switching your health insurance is super easy.
switch to us and you won't have to start all over again.
it’s a good time for you to review your health insurance
it’s smarter to review your health cover
need support navigating aged care
free emergency ambulance transport cover
when in trouble, the last thing you should worry about is paying for an ambulance
no waiting periods to satisfy
we have the shortest waiting periods in the market