Welcome to the Health Insurance Fund of Australia (HIF).
Peace of mind for when your fur-kid’s feeling pawly.
How to use your PHI Tax Statement for e-ta...
Peace of mind for when you're away from home.
Purchase an HIF Pet policy for your fur-kid and receive an exclusive free gift! Get a quote
Complete - comprehensive coverage with generous benefits on a wide range of services
Members - download your 2016/17 tax statements from our online Member Centre now.
Based on your details it looks like Lifetime Health Cover loading may apply.
Explore our online Member Centre and manage your policy at a time that suits you.
ACA Health Benefits Fund exists solely to benefit the health and well-being of Seventh-day Adventist Church employees and their families.
We care about our members not profits, giving 100% of the surplus back to you.
Under Complete Ancillary family cover, mothers-to-be and new mothers can now access a range of new benefits to help families meet the costs...
Our online member service centre is available online 24/7 and allows you to update your personal details, view your claims history, make a payment, add a new member, and much more.
We’ve heard that many of our members have children aged 21-25yrs who are no longer full-time students and who cannot afford to take...
SmartClaim is HIF's free and easy-to-use mobile claiming app that makes it simpler than ever to lodge Extras claims on the go. It's a simple as tap, snap and claim.
Members of ACA Health are eligible for a number of discounts at a range of optical providers on both prescription and non-prescription products*....
In order to help people with their tax returns this year, the Australian Taxation Office has produced a number of video’s showing people...
As you will be aware the Government subsidises your health insurance costs with a rebate (called the Australian Government Private Health Insurance Rebate)...
From the 1st of July 2013 the Australian Government Private Health Insurance Rebate will no longer be paid on any Life Time Health...
It’s nearly the end of the financial year, and your ACA Health tax statements are almost ready! Get a head start on your...
Compare how you’re better off with a Members Own health fund
There are 20 Members Own health insurers
Whenever you see the Members Own symbol next to a health fund logo, you're looking at an insurer that exists to deliver the best possible service and benefits to you — the member.
With a Members Own health fund, you should expect more. Much more.
Watch what real members have to say
Members Own CEO Troy Sheahan busts some common health insurance myths on The Morning Show
Compare online and find great health insurance
Our comparison service makes it easy to compare between 100s of health insurance options from most of the Members Own funds. You can browse for cover that suits your needs and budget, create a shortlist of policies you want to compare side-by-side, and save your search.
It’s quick and easy to join online and you get the same great price as buying direct.
Got questions? Need answers?Contact Members Own today.
8.30am – 8.00pm Monday-Thursday 8.30am – 6.00pm Friday 10.00am – 2.00pm Saturday (AEDT)
Some of these brands you may already know, some you may not. But all of them have a long, reliable history and they meet exactly the same Federal Government solvency, capital adequacy and compliance standards as other funds.
These real members of Members Own funds share some of the positive experiences they’ve had with their fund.
Adam's reason for choosing a Members Own fund
David and Sue's reason for choosing a Members Own fund
Jenn's reason for choosing a Members Own fund
Suzanne's reason for choosing a Members Own fund
Mel's reason for choosing a Members Own fund
Sam's reason for choosing a Members Own fund
Posts to help you make a more informed decision when choosing the health fund and cover that’s right for you.
Left feeling cold by your current health insurer? We’ve got you covered.
You can continue to see your favourite dentist, physio, optometrist or other provider.
With choice of provider, you can get treated by any health provider who is in private practice and is recognised by Australian Unity.
Switch to us within 30 days of leaving your old fund and you won't have to start all over again.
We recognise the waiting periods you've already completed, and if you're switching from a cover with a similar or higher level of benefits, you can start claiming immediately.
Log in to make claims, check your remaining limits, make payments, keep your details up to date and more.
You don't have to be sick or go to the doctor to receive benefits from us.
We offer our members a wide range of ongoing discounts and rewards so you'll get more than just great health insurance.
We are one of Australia's oldest and most trusted health insurers, with more than 340, 000 members.
If you change your mind (and you haven't made any claims) you can cancel your membership and get your money back
With many ways to claim including on the spot, mobile app, online and even over the phone.
That means we're run to benefit members, and not investors or overseas owners.
Australia's only not-for-profit private health insurer exclusively for the emergency services community. We've got your back.
Emergency Services Health is a new health fund backed by Police Health, so we know what it takes to support people across the emergency services community. Find out more about our board, who we are and how we work within the community.
We welcome sponsorship requests for a range of clubs, groups and events that support the health and wellbeing of the emergency services community.
Australia & New Zealand Search & Rescue Conference
Access Gap Cover (when admitted to hospital)
A brand-new initiative to provide Australians with a way to recognise and thank the nation’s emergency services workers and volunteers.
AFAC are delighted to bring you AFAC17, returning to Sydney for the first time in six years.
A place to meet, learn and share with Emergency Nurses from around the world.
The Search and Rescue (SAR) industry encompasses a diverse group of people, from professionals to volunteers, civilians to law enforcement and mili
Featuring community news & events, health information and business updates, healthbeat is your connection to everything Emergency Services Health. Sign up and receive our free monthly newsletter.
Download the Emergency Services Health App from your app store today to easily make claims, access your benefit limits or manage your membership.
The Lifetime Health Cover (LHC) Loading is a legislated requirement that encourages you to take out private hospital cover early on in your life.
The Australian Government Rebate on private health insurance (Rebate) is an incentive whereby you’re offered a Rebate on your private health insura
Then it’s a good time for you to review your health insurance and make sure you understand what your policy does and doesn’t cover.
Under Emergency Services Health Access Gap Cover you may never have to pay a doctor’s bill.
In the unlikely event that we cease to recognise a hospital for full benefits, Emergency Services Health will advise members likely to be affected
Under extras cover you’re eligible to receive pharmaceutical benefits towards prescription items that are not eligible for subsidy under the Govern
Private health insurers generally calculate an average charge for services and set their benefits based on those amounts.
Medicare Levy Surcharge (MLS) is a levy you should be aware of. Most Australian taxpayers are charged a 2% Medicare Levy.
Join on combined cover by August 31 and get one month free*
Based on a Single, aged 35 in VIC with $500 hospital excess and income range under $90,000 Change
Don’t go with someone you don’t know. It’s your health so we let you choose your own provider
It’s ok to change your mind. Tell us if you’re not happy within 30 days of joining and we’ll cancel your cover plus refund any premiums paid (as long as you haven’t made a claim)
I signed up for a Frank Health Insurance policy after 13 years with my old provider. WOW! What a difference. Every dealing I have had has been spot on and my policy is great value. I have just lowered my level of cover to learn that my level of extra cover hasn't dropped, only the % I get back on each provider visit. I don't think it gets much better than that?! I was honestly blown away.
I've been with Frank for a number of years now and love their system. It's clear, you can speak to people AND have a record of what you've asked and info you've received. The web site is one of the best designed information sites I've seen. Claiming is extremely easy and their staff are knowledgeable and efficient. Couldn’t' recommend Frank highly enough.
Tax time information 2016 – 17 Tax Statements are now ready
Get the most out of your health insurance
= Looking after your vision every day
Find the best health insurance for you
Together we can manage your health condition
*With GMHBA, you have the choice to use any extras provider with professional qualifications recognised by GMHBA.
Your tax statement is now available in your member area. If you have not used your member area before you can register here or if you have forgotten your password you can reset. The good news is that your tax information is sent straight to the Australian Tax Office. This means that if you see an accountant they may already have your tax information at your appointment, or if you use myTax it...
If you’re living with a chronic health issue, we offer a range of services to help you.
At GMHBA, our mission is to support the health of our communities for generations. To us, healthy communities strive for health equality, foster engagement, embrace diversity and value the environment.
To foster healthy communities, we provide meaningful community programs, targeted sponsorships and engaging events.
GMHBA is an Australian, not-for-profit, health and care company with over 80 years’ experience.
The best health insurance isn’t always the cheapest or the most expensive. It’s critical to first understand your future health needs before you compare health insurance policies. Key areas you need to understand include if you plan to have a baby in the medium term, if you want to be covered for services such as dental and if you want a private room if you’re treated in a hospital.
Health Partners' most popular cover & benefits
What our happy customers have to say
Help cover your costs if you have to go to hospital. Our affordable top level cover has no exclusions, so you’re covered no matter what you need to go in for.
Choose from our three levels of Extras, to cover you for services like dental, optical, physio, pharmacy, ambulance and more. You’ll love our never-ending benefits and generous limits.
Being member owned means member benefits come before profits. In fact 91% of premiums go back to benefit members vs the industry average 87%*.
Health partners Gold and Silver Hospital, and Silver Extras cover have been CHOICE recommended. Find out more...
Make an appointment at one of our very own optical centres. Equipped with the latest technology for exceptional eye-care and a huge range of frames and sunglasses.
Visit one of our state-of-the-art dental centres across Adelaide and get more back with our generous limits and enjoy easy on-the-spot claims.
I choose Health Partners because it is a member operated and not-for-profit fund, and has its own great professional services.
I find they give me the best cover for all my needs and any time I have a query, the staff are so helpful with the information.
We like going to Health Partners Dental and Optical centres – they’re local to us and we enjoy the savings on specialist services, not to mention the fact that they’re South Australian.
Find out if you're eligible. Get a quote now!
What best explains your health insurance preference?
Does anyone covered have a DVA Card?
If you're a member, you already know we have fantastic deals and personal service.
Look after your family and mates by spreading the word. If they join, we'll send you BOTH a FREE $100 gift card to spend on the things you love. And you'll both go into the major prize draw!
The latest IPSOS Report is out and we got top scores for customer satisfaction and loyalty.
You can store e-health info about yourself, share it with your doctor, keep a calendar of healthcare appointments, access a health library & more!
Are you thinking of making a switch?
Phoenix Health Fund & Members Own Health Funds
What a bright idea! Switching your Health Insurance is super easy.
Fighting Depression with Food: Introducing the Mediterranean diet
Would you like to stay in touch? Sign up to our newsletter
Phoenix Health Fund is a proud member of the Members Owned Health Fund (MOHF) Brand.
Take a look at the 8 reasons why you should be a member of Phoenix Health Fund.
We’re for Members, not for Profits. Providing Members access to a range of affordable, high quality health insurance cover.
Which level of coverwould meet your needs?
Age of the oldestperson to be covered?
We care about our members and our members care about us. Over the last seven consecutive years, Phoenix Health Fund’s member satisfaction survey confirmed that over 97% of our members are satisfied with the products and services that we offer them.
We’ll contact your previous health insurer for you so there’s no messy paperwork to fill in.
Best of all, any waiting periods you have already served with your previous Health Insurance provider will be recognised in full so you can start claiming straight away.
Choosing a not-for-profit health fund like Phoenix Health Fund means your needs are our first priority.
Phoenix Health Fund is a Mutual not for profit organisation, which means we don’t pay shareholders and earnings go back into member benefits. This means an all round better deal for our members.
Phoenix Health has been recommended once again by CHOICE for its Top Hospital Nil Excess policy. With thousands of different policies being reviewed as part of the comparison process, Phoenix Health Fund is pleased to announce that, our Top Hospital Nil excess policy has again been recommended by CHOICE in its annual review of
Typically, we eat with our body weight or heart health in mind, but research from Deakin University now shows we should also be eating for our brains too. Dr Jenny Brockis, the brain fitness doctor and author of Future Brain, shares that “Right down to the cellular level, choosing the right foods makes a really
Tax statements have been posted to members.
Join today and get 6 weeks free*
Member tax statements available on Online Member Services
To see what they think of Nurses & Midwives Health
"I feel in control of my health and wellbeing with Nurses & Midwives Health"
"Since my mother is a nurse I was eligible to join Nurses & Midwives Health. "
For CouplesHealth insurance for you and your partner
For FamiliesHealth insurance for the whole family
So how would you like to join us
More people recommend rt health fund than any other fund in the country!
But, don't take our word for it ...
Win a $750 bunnings warehouse gift card!
Are you interested in a Corporate Health Plan?
Join rt health between 1 May 2017 to 31 July 2017 and we’ll put you into the draw.
Our team is focused on only providing you with the services and products you need to ensure you have healthy eyes and healthy teeth, so you can rest assured that we're looking after your best interests – no over-servicing, no high-pressure selling – just quality health care at special prices for our members. And great prices for non-members. We currently have a Healthy Centre (Healthy Eyes clinic and Healthy Teeth clinic) in Surry Hills NSW, a Healthy Eyes clinic in Charlestown NSW and a Healthy Teeth clinic in Brisbane.
We have a range of singles cover to suit you at all stages of life. Whether you're young, healthy and simply looking for a basic cover or you're a little older and looking for a higher level of cover which gives you the peace of mind that comes with knowing that if the unexpected happens, you’re taken care of.
Choose from a range of covers to suit you and your significant others’ needs. Whether you’re a young and healthy couple simply looking for basic cover, thinking about starting a family or a mature couple looking for the peace of mind that comes with top-level cover, we’ve got the plan for you.
Choose from a range of covers that’ll ensure that you and your family are covered as your needs change. Whether you’re family is still young or all grown up we can make sure we’ve got you covered.
“I get prompt replies to my emails, and I can speak to an actual person immediately without waiting on hold for long periods - I am a very happy member.” – rt member for 3 years, NSW
Join between 1 May 2017 and 31 July 2017 and go into the draw to win a $750 Bunnings Warehouse Gift Card*!
People's health needs vary hugely and it's our business to help people take care of their wellbeing. Our broad range of corporate health and wellbeing solutions are practical, usable and tailored to meet the needs of your people via a fantastic variety of health and wellness resources.
If you had an ordinary job, all you’d need is an ordinary health fund. But you don’t, and that’s why you have us.
Police Health is Australia's only private health insurer run by police for police.
We offer value for money comprehensive health insurance and operate on a not-for-profit basis.
Police Health has just four easy to understand top level products to choose from
Police Health's, online health portal with a free online health assessment for members with hospital cover.
We need to confirm your location to show you the correct content, products and pricing.
Have peace of mind knowing HBF has you covered
It looks like you're from Outside Australia
Sorry, your product selection isn't available if you live outside Western Australia.
You're about to see content designed for people outside WA.
Oops! This product isn't available in your state
Would you like to also add Hospital cover?
Would you like to also add Extras cover?
This site requires the use of cookies. Please enable cookies by following this link.
Start the second half of 2017 in front with more back on hospital and dental bills^. That’s value health cover.
Let us help you pick the right HBF health cover for you. Get a recommendation
Let us help you find the right car insurance for you. Learn about HBF car insurance
Let us help you find the home insurance for you. Learn about HBF home insurance
Let us help you find the travel life insurance for you. Learn about HBF travel insurance
Let us help you pick the right life insurance for you. Learn about HBF life insurance
A quick and easy explanation of what health insurance is, how it works and what’s covered. Discover the difference between hospital and extras, how to buy health insurance, and how not-for-profit health funds differ from for-profit health funds.
We understand that looking after your health means much more than just having insurance. That’s why HBF health members enjoy a range of benefits.
Know you need health cover for dental or physio, but don’t know where to start? Our Find a Service tool lets you search for the services you need.
Our Find a Provider tool lets you search for your specialist. If they’re an HBF Member Plus provider, you’ll be able to minimise your out-of-pocket costs.
We’re not-for-profit. That means we don't have shareholders to pay, so we can focus on giving as much back to our members as possible.
We believe looking after your health means more than simply having quality health cover, which is why our members also enjoy exceptional member benefits. HBF is committed to helping our members lead healthier, happier lives.
* For members on eligible products, up to annual maximums. Service eligibility applies.
Our products and prices differ from state to state. So we need to make sure you're looking at the right information to give you an accurate quote.
Content, products and pricing information is different if you live in Western Australia.
If you change location, we'll reset your quote and refresh the page to show you the content, products and pricing relevant to your location.
Does the Medicare Levy Surcharge affect you?
Tax statements are now available on Online Member Services.
Refer a friend and get a $50 eftpos card
We cover the lives of over 300,000 teachers, education staff and their families
To see what they think of Teachers Health
Our world class health and wellbeing program for members is here. Find out more
We need to confirm your location to show you the correct cover rates.
Travelling? Get a quote on travel insurance
To see what they think of UniHealth
"I feel supported by my union and now I'll feel in control of my health and wellbeing with UniHealth."
"I would definitely recommend UniHealth to my colleagues and family because of the impressive benefits on offer"
Help us find the best cover for you, by selecting from the options below
Our preferred provider scheme provides 100% back on a range of services including diagnostic and preventative dental, initial physio consults, emergency ambulance and more
No fuss - simply download our mobile claiming app, take a photo of your receipt and submit.
You won't need to re-serve any waiting periods if you're switching from an equivalent level of cover. Plus, we'll do all the paperwork for you! Leave it to us.
Create the cover that best suits your needs
Create a customised hospital and extras package that best suits your needs. If you only want hospital cover, just need extras or dental only, you can do that too.
There are many benefits in having private health insurance
Doctor of your choiceAvoid hospital waiting lists Emergency Ambulance cover
Why do I need private health insurance?
Avoid or minimise the Lifetime Health Cover loading
If you’re 31 or over and don’t have hospital cover by June 30, you could be hit paying the government’s Lifetime Health Cover (LHC) loading.
Most Australian residents pay a Medicare levy of 2% of their taxable income to get access to healthcare.
Accidents happen. Be ready with private cover
You can expect to need hospital treatment 12 times over 30 years1 and if it’s not classified as an emergency, you could be up for a lengthy wait.
Over 30 years you can expect to make 72 visits to the dentist2, and if like almost half adult Australians, you have regular dental check-ups - you should consider Extras.
Choose from a range of quality cover options
Hospital and Extras that won’t break the bank
Getting health insurance for the first time? Our quality cover gives you more choice and control to suit your lifestyle, plus it could also save you money.
That’s an additional 2% for hospital cover every year you delay – up to a maximum of 70%. What’s more, this extra cost will remain in place for 10 continuous years. Save by getting cover now.
But if you’re single, earn over $90k a year (or a couple earning over $180k) and don’t have appropriate hospital cover for you and all your dependants over the whole year, you may be charged the additional Medicare Levy Surcharge (MLS) of 1-1.5%. Reduce your tax by getting cover now. You may wish to discuss with your tax adviser.
With private health insurance, depending on your level of cover, waiting lists can be significantly reduced or even eliminated when you visit a private hospital. You’ll also get more confidence about when your operation is. Jump the queue by getting private cover now.
Medicare generally doesn’t cover services like dental, physio or chiro, but with Extras, depending on your choice of cover, you can get 60%-100% of the cost back (up to yearly limits)3 when you visit a Members First provider. So stay on top of your everyday wellness. Get Extras too.
Some policies out there cover you for little more than being treated in a private hospital for an accident. Our policies are designed to cover the common procedures you’re likely to need when you’re younger.
Thanks to Bupa Plus, you’ll have access to an exclusive range of exciting rewards and discounts like movie vouchers and gym membership. Find out more
Our Members First network includes thousands of dentists, physios, chiros, podiatrists and optical providers nationwide. This means more choice, and, in most cases, less to pay.
Whether you choose a basic or top hospital cover, you’ll be covered for a private room in most private hospitals across Australia for the services included on your policy4.
As Australia’s largest Health Insurer, we have agreements with most private hospitals and day surgeries so we can give you more certainty about your hospital visit costs before you arrive.
Complimentary access to After Hours Plus, which means when you book a bulk-billed home visit after hours, common medications can be provided on the spot, at no cost.
* For singles under the age of 65 with an adjusted taxable income of $90,000 p.a. or less, with a 25.934% rebate in NSW. Assumes no LHC loading.
# Private room not covered for minimum benefit services or exclusions. Subject to availability and where clinically appropriate. Private room must be booked and requested at least 24hrs before admission. For every night a private room is unavailable, you’ll receive $50 back per night from the hospital.
^ Fund and policy rules, and waiting periods apply. Excludes orthodontics and hospital treatment.
Join today and get your first month free.
Me and my partner or other adult
We are run to benefit our members and most of the premiums we make go back to them in the form of benefits
Find out more about the leading contributor to death, disability and illness in women aged 15 to 44.
Confused about when it's best to use your private health insurance when being admitted to hospital?
The Government offers all Australian residents who are entitled to Medicare benefits an income-tested rebate on their private health insurance.
The government now income tests the rebate on private health insurance. One way you can save up-front is to claim the rebate as a reduction on your premium, would you like to do that now?
Over 140 Bupa owned Members First Network dental clinics across Australia would love to provide you with expert dental care.
Need support navigating aged care but don’t know where to begin? We’ll help find the right solution for you. Find out more
Health cover for life's moments big or small
The 1 million Australians who have created a bright future with us, today
Australian Unity operates four dental centres across Victoria. All our staff are qualified professionals, offering an extensive range of preventative, cosmetic and restorative treatments
A genuine alternative to the major banks with personalised service and market leading features and rates.
Active Saver account Earn up to 3.00%pa variable interest rate Find out more
We specialise in providing professional strategic advice to help you improve your current financial position and ultimately achieve your long term lifestyle goals.
With our wide range of insurance policies and home loans, you will find the cover you need to rest easy.
Australian Unity is a company founded on social values and community contribution. Established in response to unmet community needs in 1840, we continue to identify and help solve the health and financial needs of the broader community.
We are using our individual commitment and collective range of skills to support those facing financial exclusion
We are dedicated to driving reconciliation through employment and training outcomes.
Find the care best suited for your needs. Select your lifestage & we’ll help you find cover.
2016 Director Election and CBHS Notice of Annual General Meeting Announcement
Member Insider: CBHS partners with Healthshare (?)
Advance Notice of Annual General Meeting and Director Nominations
Our member-owned health fund is for current and former CBA Group staff, their families and contractors – find out now if you’re eligible to join the CBHS family!
Exclusive to current and former employees of the Commonwealth Bank Group (CBA), employees of CBA contractors and their extended families.
From just the basics to comprehensive health packages, find the plan that suits your needs. Alternatively, use our compare cover tool for our best-fit suggestions.
For your own choice of doctor, access to private hospitals and great health and wellness programs.
Extras cover offers benefits for dental, prescribed optical, therapies, general health, health care aids and wellness services.
Combined Hospital and Extras cover to ensure you have the suite of health insurance coverage you need.
Insurance to cover your emergency ambulance transport fees.
All members will have recently received a communication in relation to the Director Election and the Notice of Annual General Meeting and Proxy Form.
CBHS is pleased to launch a new partnership with Healthshare, the provider of a digital health platform, to provide members with important tools to help in selecting a care provider.
CBHS wishes to advise its members that the 2017 Annual General Meeting will be held on Thursday 2nd November 2017 at CBHS’ registered office; Level 5, 79 George Street, Parramatta, NSW 2150.
Further details regarding the AGM will be distributed to members in due course.
CBHS also wishes to advise members that nominations can now be submitted by any member who, being eligible and qualifies, wishes to nominate themselves to be a candidate for election to the Board of CBHS.
The nomination close date is Friday 4th August 2017.
Love CBHS as I never have to doubt that they've got my back when I need it. Been through other insurers who have limited options or limits, yet cost the same or more.
I joined as a CBHS member in 1978. Through many health events and challenges CBHS has always been there for me and my family. Their exceptional service over this time has always been appreciated.
I've not long joined CBHS from another fund, but so far I've been impressed by the super helpful and friendly staff, the higher claim limits and rebates at a very competitive premium, and how easy it is to lodge manual claims through the app. Thanks CBHS - you've won me over! 😃
What I love about CBHS is their customer service - friendly staff and always ready to help and email you the information you ask about. Keep up the great work!!!
I have been with CBHS since I began at CBA 15 years ago...Now I have three beautiful children, one who has a disability. Our top extras cover has been really essential for his early intervention. I do love the ease of claiming online.
I am relatively new to CBHS and am loving it already. I worked for a CBA subsidiary a long time ago but was still eligible to join. So much better that the for-profit funds - our premium is only a little more and we pay a lower co-contribution and get great benefits. I am loving the massage rebate for my partner and gym rebate for me!
I'm extremely happy with CBHS! I have been a customer for about six years. I think the price is reasonable. And i would refer you to my family and friends any day. Thankyou CBHS!!!
Private Health Insurance Statement reminder: Private Health Insurance Statements have been sent to Members electronically and are available for download via your Online Member Service (OMS) portal. Members that have opted to receive statements via post will receive these from Friday 14 July 2017. Learn more
We pride ourselves on the level of customer service we provide, but sometimes you just might not want to chat to us about the small things. You can manage your cover and personal details anytime on Online Member Services.
We've been proud sponsors of the Townsville Running Festival since its early beginnings. The event is extremely important to us as it promotes health within the community and encourages the community to get active.
Queensland Country has been awarded five stars for Queensland's most "Outstanding value for health insurance - Extras".
Our first ever mobile app for Queensland Country Health Fund is here! It offers all Members a 24 hour a day, seven days a week full viewing access to your Membership.
Join over one million Aussies already covered by nib
Tax time - Medibank members will be able to access tax statements from 15 July 2017.
i get 100% back on optical and a dental check-up
Inspiring you to create a healthier, happier lifestyle
Find the right health cover for your needs
You're using a web browser we don't support. To get the best experience we recommend you upgrade to the latest version of Chrome, Firefox, Safari or Internet Explorer.
Our new Medibank app and 24/7 Help on Hand service, puts health insurance in your hands.
Find out how to view and download your statement, plus some handy tax time tips.
Find out if you are eligible for Corporate Health Cover through your (or your partner's) work.
Join Medibank extras and get 100% back on optical at recognised providers, up to your annual limit, as well as an annual dental check-up at Members’ Choice dentists (excludes x-rays).
Join Medibank Extras today and get 100% back on optical items (up to your annual limit) at any recognised provider. Some services like lens coating are excluded and waiting periods apply.
Receive 100% back on your annual dental check-up at a Members’ Choice dentist. This doesn’t include x-rays and you need to have held extras for at least two months.
For kids we provide no hospital excess on every one of our family hospital covers. We also offer 100% back on included extras at Members' Choice providers, as part of our Growing Family and Settled Families packaged covers. This only applies to child and student dependants. Only up to annual limits and waiting periods apply, including 12 months for some dental services.
Canstar awarded ‘Outstanding Value Insurance’ 9 years in a row
We’re proud to deliver best in class products designed to suit your needs. But don’t just take our word for it.
Get any 2 & 6 months waits waived on extras when you take out hospital and extras by 31 August. More info
Lifetime Health Cover Loading and Medicare Levy Surcharge
With flexible extras limits you can spend it how you want. Spend the lot on physio, or spread it out.
Our flexi limit makes using your extras simple. That’s why the longer you stick with us the more your limit will grow.
Got a physio or chiro you already know and love? With ahm you get the same benefit at all recognised providers. It’s your pick, not ours.
© 2017 ahm health insurance, a business of Medibank Private Limited ABN 47 080 890 259. ‘ahm health insurance’ and ‘ahm’ are references to Medibank Private Ltd trading as ahm health insurance.
Recommend a cover for me Get a Quick quote
I want to build my own cover Mix & match
Just answer 3 simple questions and we'll be able to recommend a cover that people like you most often choose.
We have 5 Hospital and 2 Extras product options to choose from. Want to just take Hospital or just take Extras? That's fine with us! Want to combine the lowest Hospital cover with the highest Extras cover? That's fine too! We also have excess options available that allow you to reduce your premium by agreeing to make a small contribution towards hospital claims.
If you prefer a full range of benefits then Super Extras is your best choice.
Examples of benefits can be found on our full website by clicking on the link at the bottom of the page and where applicable annual limits are per person covered per calendar year unless otherwise specified. A calendar year runs from January to December. Benefits are only payable when rendered by a practitioner in private practice who is registered by this fund. You should contact the fund to ensure your provider is registered before undergoing treatment.
^ Includes examination, x-rays, scale and clean and fissure sealing. Benefits of 100% of the dentist’s regular fee* apply on selected products up to a maximum benefit per service. If your dentist charges above the maximum benefit, or in excess of the regular fee* he or she charges all patients, a gap or out of pocket may apply. Benefit applies to both adults and children who have served their two month waiting period. Other preventative services such as topical fluoride application and provision of mouthguard not included. Annual limits apply.
* Regular fee refers to the average fee your dentist charges to all patients.
The overall limit for each service category is highlighted. Some categories have sub limits which are included within the overall limit for that service category
What you can get with our Hospital Cover
What you can get with our Extras cover
Talk to us in person Show content
Kids are covered until they’re 23 Show content
Discounts for home loan customers Show content
Get off to a great start with CUA's Kick Start Home Loan, available for a limited time only.
A life that is healthy, is a life that is rich. CUA Health has been helping Australians care for their health since 1976. We've put 40 year's experience into creating health insurance that offers more to help you care for the ones you love - like value-for-money Hospital and Extras cover, with flexibility to meet your needs as your life changes.
With CUA Health, you can choose from a range of Hospital or Extras products to find the cover that's right for you. And it's easy to switch to CUA Health as you won't have to re-serve any waiting periods. Follow these three steps to find the right products for you.
Our private hospital options let you choose the level of cover that best suits your needs and your budget.
Basic Hospital is ideal if you’re healthy and don’t want to pay for what you don’t need. For greater cover, Standard Hospital is a good option, while our top Premium Hospital covers can give you the peace of mind that you and your family are well protected. There’s a choice of excess levels, plus a Premium Hospital – Non-obstetrics cover if pregnancy isn’t on your roadmap.
Benefit Limitation Period (BLP) - Benefits are limited to public hospital rates if treated in a private hospital. If deemed a pre-existing condition, no benefits are payable for the first 12 months, then public hospital rates only for the next 12 months.
Restricted Benefits - Covered in a public hospital with choice of doctor only. If treated in a private hospital, benefits limited to public hospital rates as set by the federal government.
With all our Extras covers, you’re not restricted to a network of preferred providers - so you can choose when and where you’re treated.
Total Extras and Classic Extras offer the same full range of services, including preventative Wellness Benefits to help you stay healthy. What sets them apart is how much you can claim each year. Basic Extras is a great entry-level cover with affordable dental, physio and optical benefits.
Find the policy that's right for you - you can choose Hospital cover, Extras cover or a combination of both.
# The quoted price assumes you live in Queensland and you’ll receive 26.791% Australian Government Rebate for Private Health Insurance. Hospital cover prices are based on no Lifetime Health Cover Loading and an excess of $500 per person per calendar year (excluding dependants).
The CUA Health Mobile Claims app means you only need to upload a photo of your invoice to make a claim.
Kids receive additional general dental benefits for routine dental services on Extras cover policies. No gap up to a total value of $250 per visit for two visits a year.
Have a question about your CUA Health insurance and want to speak to us in person? Easy! We’re part of CUA, so just drop into your local branch for a chat.
Your kids are covered on your Family or Single Parent cover until they turn 23 (or 25 if studying fulltime). There’s no excess if your child is admitted to hospital.
CUA Rate Breaker Home Loan customers get one month free on their CUA Health insurance each year.
When you take out health insurance for the first time, switch insurers or increase your level of cover, CUA Health asks that you wait a period of time before you can claim for new or higher benefits. Take a look at the table below to find out what waiting periods apply.
Accident coverFor CUA Health an accident is an unforeseen and sudden event occurring by chance and caused by an external force or object, resulting in an involuntary bodily injury requiring immediate treatment from a medical practitioner. It does not include any condition that can be attributed to medical causes.
Psychiatric care, rehabilitation or palliative care (including where the condition is pre-existing)
With our private hospital cover you can be treated as a private patient in a private or public hospital. CUA Health has agreements with the majority of private hospitals and day surgeries where you will receive benefits for your hospital accommodation, including:
Please contact us prior to any hospital admission to make sure your hospital is in agreement with CUA Health.
Simply choose the cover that’s right for you. If you’re transferring from another provider, be sure to have your policy details handy and we’ll look after all the paperwork for you.
*First month free is available only to new policy holders who join via Credit Union Australia Limited. ABN: 44 087 650 959 (CUA) directly.
CUA Health insurance is provided by CUA Health Ltd 98 098 685 459 (CHL) which is not an authorised deposit-taking institution. While CUA Health Insurance may be distributed by Credit Union Australia Ltd ABN 44 087 650 959 (CUA), CUA is not liable for this product and does not stand behind CHL.
Please read the information carefully and retain for your future reference. If you join CUA Health, confirmation of your cover and policy information will be sent to you. If you change your mind CUA Health provides a cooling off period of 30 days from the start date of your policy. For more information including Code of Conduct and Complaints resolution refer to information for policy holders.
When changing health insurers, Extras benefits paid by your old health fund will be counted towards your annual limits in your first year of membership with us.
During the first 24 months from joining and after waiting periods have been served, benefits paid for these treatments will be limited to the same amount you would receive in a public hospital for the same treatment. After 24 months from joining you will be eligible for the full benefits under the policy.
The medical charge is the cost for any services performed by doctors or specialists. This includes, but is not limited to – surgeons, anaesthetists, pathologists and assistant surgeons. Medicare sets an amount payable toward the medical costs, called the Medicare schedule fee. Medicare pays 75% of the schedule fee and CUA Health pays the remaining 25%. If the doctor or specialist chooses to charge above the schedule fee, then the difference is paid by you, unless your doctor or specialist chooses to participate in CUA Health’s Access gap cover scheme – see below for more info.
No excess for day surgery, kids or if you're in an accident
The Access Gap Cover Scheme will reduce or in some instances eliminate your out-of-pocket expenses for specialist care you receive while in hospital.
Doctors and specialists electing to participate in the Access Gap Cover Scheme can bill CUA Health directly. So, not only does your hospital treatment cost you less, but the billing system is made easier for you too.
We believe in making health cover easy so our policies are all clearly explained in plain English and we’re always ready to help make the most of your cover. Member Advantages reward you for choosing Westfund. The longer you stay with us, the more you get back.
Access to a complete list of doctors and specialists participating in the Access Gap Cover Scheme is available here. If your doctor or specialist chooses to use the Scheme, you will either:
Your needs drive everything we do and we’ll always look after you and your family. We’re stable, secure and have been helping people look after their health insurances needs for decades. We also believe in supporting communities, because healthy communities mean healthy people.
Your doctor or specialist may choose to use the Scheme on a patient-by-patient basis. Of course, whether or not your doctor or specialist participates in the Access Gap Cover Scheme will not change the relationship you have with him or her, or affect the treatment you receive.
So whatever stage you are at in life, we’ll always be here for you with the right health cover.
Excess: An upfront amount that you agree to pay towards the cost of hospital treatment, in exchange for lower premiums. For example, if you have Premium Hospital cover with $250 excess, and require hospital treatment you’ll pay $250 per person, per calendar year. This does not apply to dependants listed on the policy.
Comprehensive cover that meets all your needs: Ambulance, Hospital, Medical, Dental and Optical, along with benefits for a range of Complementary Therapies and Preventative Health Treatments.
CUA Health has agreements with the majority of private hospitals and day surgeries. If your hospital or day surgery doesn’t have an agreement with CUA Health, you may be subject to large out-of-pocket expenses, in addition to any excess or co-payment. Please check with your hospital prior to admission. Access to a complete list of agreement hospitals is available here.
Depending on your level of cover, you’ll also get a range of Member Advantages – like a cash benefit if you’re in hospital due to an accident. Your Member Advantages build up over time, so the longer you’re with us, the more you get.
Hospital and Extras cover is suitable for single people, couples and families who want the reassurance of full Hospital Cover with added benefits for things like Dental, Optical, Massage, Chiro and Physio.
Whether you’re in an accident or require hospital treatment it helps to be prepared. As well as any ambulance costs resulting from a medical emergency, we’ll cover the charges for treatment in all public and most private hospitals in Australia. We cover the hospital costs for all procedures included in your cover and that qualify for a Medicare benefit. Not only is our hospital product top cover but, in addition to the coverage stated, it also comes with our own significant Member Advantages. You can also choose to pay a $500 excess & benefit from lower premiums. This excess is not required to be paid for children, day surgery or accidents.
If you want the perks of healthier living without hospital or medical cover then Extras cover could be perfect.
Westfund offers three great extras only covers which have been tailored to suit a variety of different needs. All three extras only plans include:
If you’re a subclass 457 visa holder, you are required by law to maintain hospital cover for yourself and your family. We provide a range of cover options for people on working visas in Australia.
Our Premium Ambulance product is our most superior form of ambulance cover. This product not only includes unlimited comprehensive emergency ambulance transport Australia wide but also has the following inclusions:
You'll never pay an excess for day surgery, dependants on your policy or if you're hospitalised as a result of an accident.
Your home and its treasures are part of your and your family’s life rich story. While some things are irreplaceable, with quality home and contents and landlord insurance at least you can soften the blow if the unexpected happens.
Protect the things you love coming home to
Why choose Home and Contents Insurance from CUA?
Up to 30% No Claim Bonus Show content
Save up to 10% when you combine your buildings and contents Show content
New for old contents replacement Show content
The option to protect your personal effects away from home Show content
Quick and easy online claims service Show content
Pay by the month at no extra cost Show content
How to make a claim Show content
Over the phone – 24/7 on the claims hotline
Download Product Disclosure Statements and Key Fact Sheets Show content
Classic Home Insurance - Product Disclosure Statement
Classic Home Insurance – Buildings Key Fact Sheet
Classic Home Insurance – Contents Key Fact Sheet
Prestige Home Insurance - Product Disclosure Statement
Prestige Home Insurance – Buildings Key Fact Sheet
Prestige Home Insurance – Contents Key Fact Sheet
Vital Home Insurance - Product Disclosure Statement
Vital Home Insurance – Buildings Key Fact Sheet
Vital Home Insurance – Contents Key Fact Sheet
From holiday momentos to the family dining table, it's our treasures that make a house a home. You'll have peace of mind knowing your valuables are protected from loss or damage.
With Home Insurance from CUA, underwritten by Allianz, you can protect the things you love from loss or damage with competitively-priced policies that don't skimp on the benefits. Compare our three levels of cover to find the best option for you needs and budget.
And accidental breakage (of glass), earthquake, tsunamis, explosion, impact damage, lightning or thunderbolt, malicious, riot or civil commotion, rainwater or run off, burglary or house breaking, water or other liquid damage.
Accidental loss or damage, excluding theft (Up to 20% of contents sum insured)
Cover for items you take away from home, such as mobile phones, cameras or jewellery.
Domestic Workers Compensation gives you cover for people you employ to work at your property where they are injured and you are legally liable. Cover available in the Australia Capital Territory, Western Australia and Tasmania.
Use the online claim form for a fast and easy way to claim. You can submit your claim whenever it suits you.
It takes as little as 10 minutes to complete. Once received, a friendly claims consultant will be in touch as soon as possible.
With a competitive variable rate and all the features, you can enjoy more life rich moments.
Contents only insurance from CUA, underwritten by Allianz, can help protect the things you love coming home to.
A CUA Fixed Rate Home Loan provides you with the essentials and security of knowing what your repayments will be.
Any advice contained on this website is general advice only and does not take into account your objectives, financial position or needs (your ‘circumstances’). Before making a decision whether to purchase or to continue to hold this cover, please consider whether any advice is appropriate for your circumstances, as well as the relevant Product Disclosure Statement and Financial Services Guide.
Credit Union Australia Limited, ABN 44 087 650 959 (CUA) AFSL No. 238317 arranges this insurance as agent for the insurer Allianz Australia Insurance Limited ABN 15 000 122 850 AFSL No 234708 (Allianz).
>< Flood cover is subject to eligibility. For eligible property addresses, flood cover is an option on both building and contents in home and landlord insurance policies. The cover is designed to protect customers against damage to their buildings and/or contents in the event of a flood up to the value of the sum insured.
>> Premiums payable by instalments may be subject to minor adjustments (upwards or downwards) due to rounding and financial institution transaction fees may apply
~ To qualify for the maximum No Claim Bonus of 30%, customers must have had no landlord insurance claims in the preceding three years. However, customers who have had up to two claims may still qualify for reduced No Claim Bonus.
Looking for value-for-money Hospital cover? Join CUA Health and get your first month free*
We’ve put 40 years’ experience into creating health insurance that offers you peace of mind, with flexibility to meet your needs as your life changes.
If you hold a Family or Single Parent policy, your kids are covered up until they turn 23 (or 25 if studying fulltime). If they’re admitted to hospital, the excess will be waived.
All CUA Health Hospital Cover options meet the government criteria to avoid paying the Medicare Levy Surcharge or Lifetime Health Cover loading.
The CUA Health Access Gap Cover Scheme helps to reduce or eliminate your out-of-pocket expenses for hospital treatment and takes the paperwork off your hands.
Want to get a better understanding of how health insurance works? Join CUA Health and get your first month free*
If you’re looking at getting health insurance for the first time, we know it can be a little overwhelming. We’ve put together a handy guide to help you make the best decision for your circumstances.
Tooltip text for Aren't I covered by Medicare? Aren't I covered by Medicare? Show content
Tooltip text for Public vs private hospitals - what's the difference? Public vs private hospitals - what's the difference? Show content
Tooltip text for Are there tax benefits with private health? Are there tax benefits with private health? Show content
Tooltip text for What is HICAPS? What is HICAPS? Show content
Tooltip text for What happens if I’m in an accident? What happens if I’m in an accident? Show content
Tooltip text for Waiting periods explained Waiting periods explained Show content
Tooltip text for What is an excess? What is an excess? Show content
Private health insurance lets you have more control over your treatment if you need to go to hospital or use other medical services. While Medicare covers you for treatment in a public hospital, private health insurance lets you choose to be treated in a private hospital, what doctor you see and when you are treated. It also helps reduce the cost for many of those services not fully covered by Medicare like dental, optical and physio.
There are two parts to health insurance: Hospital cover and Extras cover. At CUA Health you can choose Hospital cover, Extras cover, or a combination of both.
Basic Hospital is ideal if you're healthy and don't want to pay for what you don't need. For greater cover, Standard Hospital is a good option, while our top Premium Hospital covers give you the peace of mind that you and your family are well protected. There's a choice of excess levels, plus a Premium Hospital - Non-obstetrics cover if pregnancy isn't on your roadmap.
With all our Extras covers, you're not restricted to a network of preferred providers - so you can choose when and where you're treated.
When you take out health insurance for the first time, you’ll choose whether you want Hospital cover, Extras cover or a combination of both. You’ll select how much of an excess you’re willing to pay for Hospital cover and what level of Extras cover you’d like. Some waiting periods will then apply before you can make a claim.
When it comes to receiving medical treatment, it’s always a good idea to ask exactly what fees you may have to pay for yourself up front.
Once you’ve taken out a CUA Health policy, we’ll send out your CUA Health card. While you’re waiting for your card, register for Online Services and download the CUA Health Mobile Claiming app for fast claiming.
If you ever need to have surgery or are admitted to hospital, provide them with your CUA Health policy details and we take care of everything directly with the hospital – so you just need to focus on getting better.
All you’ll need to do is sign your claim form and pay your excess payment to the hospital.
When it comes to payment, if they use HICAPS you can claim on the spot by swiping your CUA Health card. All you’ll have to do is pay the difference.
Otherwise, pay your bill then make a claim online, on your mobile, in a branch or by mail. Online and mobile claims under $300 are assessed immediately and the funds transferred to your bank account.
It really comes down to how healthy you are, what you’ll use and what’s important to you. If you are over 31 or earn more than $90,000 a year as a single or $180,00 as a couple or family, you should consider Hospital cover to avoid paying the Medicare Levy Surcharge and the Lifetime Health Cover Loading.
If you use health services like optical, dental or physio, have a look at the full list of services covered by Extras and consider if it’s right for you.
GMHBA is an Australian not for profit health insurance and care company with more than 80 years’ experience. Health. They say it’s your wealth. Actually, it’s much more important than that. It’s your everything. But it’s also far too hard when you go it alone. And that’s why GMHBA is here.
Together we’re stronger. And most important of all, together we’re healthier.
A simple guide to private health insurance and how it works.
Private health insurance helps cover the cost of your health care. With it, you can claim a sum of money (known as a benefit) from your health fund. That money helps cover the cost of your treatment.
Medicare is the Australian Government’s free public health care system. It covers most basic medical expenses, but not everything. Private health insurance helps cover the treatments Medicare doesn’t. Plus, it gives you more choice when it comes to your health care.
There are two types of private health insurance: hospital insurance and extras insurance. Hospital insurance helps cover costs when you go to hospital as a private patient. Extras insurance covers out-of-hospital treatments, like going to the dentist, optometrist or physio. You can buy hospital or extras insurance by themselves. Most funds also offer hospital and extras insurance as a package.
Hospital insurance helps cover costs of in-hospital medical treatment by a doctor. It also covers other hospital expenses like accommodation, prostheses and theatre fees. With hospital insurance, you can choose your doctor, stay in a private room (if it’s available) and book in treatment at a time that suits you.
Extras insurance helps cover costs of non-medical health services. These include dental, optical and physio. These services are not generally covered by Medicare. For example, if you go to a dentist without extras insurance you’ll pay the whole bill, rather than a subsidised fee.
Ambulance insurance helps cover the cost of ambulance transport by road. In most states, Medicare doesn’t cover the cost of emergency transport and other ambulance services (except for Queensland and Tasmania). That means you could pay up to $1000 out of your own pocket if you need an ambulance in an emergency situation.
Imagine a giant piggy bank – this is a health insurance fund. When you make regular payments (known as premiums) as a health fund member, that money goes into the piggy bank. Everybody pays their premiums into the same piggy bank; it is a communal pool of money that can be accessed by the health fund’s members when they make an eligible claim.
A not-for-profit health fund, like HBF, uses the money it accumulates through premiums to pay for the cost of its members’ claims and to run the business. They don’t have shareholders to pay, so they can dedicate themselves to taking care of their members’ health. Not-for-profit funds use any surplus earnings to give their members a better health care experience, which can come in the form of lower premiums or new benefits.
A for-profit health fund must consider the interests of their shareholders. They will pay some or all their surplus earnings to those shareholders.
Of the not-for-profit health funds, there are those open to anybody and those only open to people who work in a specific industry. Restricted funds include Teachers Health and Police Health.
Unlike other forms of insurance, health insurance in Australia is community-rated, not risk-rated. Health funds can’t stop someone from joining or change the price of health insurance based on risk factors like age, gender, lifestyle or physical condition. Community rating means regardless how likely you are to claim, everyone is entitled to pay the same base price for the same health insurance policies. It also means health funds must provide health insurance to anybody who wants it.
1 month free! Offer extended to 31/8
Want a bit more back on extras?
Kids pay $0 excess going to hospital
Claiming on the go has never been easier.
Good move! We just need to confirm some details.
Join by 31/08 and get your 3rd month free. Offer available for new customers on hospital & extras combos only.
When in trouble, the last thing you should worry about is paying for an ambulance. Almost all our products have free emergency ambulance transport cover.
Our policies have flexible Extras, meaning you can choose to get either 50%, 65%, 75% or even up to 85% back when you claim. Whatever you choose, up to an annual industry standard cap, you’ll know how much you get back from your physio, chiro etc every time.
Active kids are happy kids! And whilst being active is great for our kids health sometimes accidents happen – which is why you’ll pay no excess if any one of your kids ever needs to go to hospital.
We think you’ll be happy with your health.com.au health insurance. But if for some reason you aren’t satisfied don’t worry! Within your first 30 days with us, we’ll refund any premiums paid less any claims you made and won’t lock-in to any contracts.
We don’t make you line up in a queue to make a claim. You can either claim on the spot at your health appointment or go online 24/7 when it suits you.
We've prepared a step-by-step guide to help you get moving in the right direction when it comes to your health.
Visit our dedicated customer area where you can log in, make claim, check your limits, view your policy and much more!
Watch our video, download handy checklists and find everything you need to know about Going to Hospital.
Cover switch will take place from date of your first April premium. Nice and smooth!
A simple guide to hospital insurance and how it works.
Hospital insurance helps cover costs when you go to hospital. It contributes towards the cost of doctors’ and anaesthetists’ fees. It also helps cover other hospital expenses, including accommodation, prostheses and theatre fees.
Hospital insurance gives you more control and flexibility when you need to go to hospital. If you choose to go to a private hospital for treatment, your health fund will help cover your costs. You also have more choice: you can choose the doctor that treats you, when you receive treatment and gain access to a private room.
In contrast, without hospital insurance you’ll probably go through the public hospital system. While your procedure and associated services are free, as a public patient you can’t choose your doctor or your room type. You may also need to wait a long time before receiving elective surgery (surgery that is not considered life threatening). For example, if your child needs their tonsils removed you could wait months before they’re admitted to hospital for surgery.
If you don’t have hospital insurance you can still choose to be treated in a private hospital; however, without hospital insurance to help cover costs this can be very expensive.
Hospital insurance can be broken down into three levels of cover: basic, medium and top. Each level of cover includes a different number of procedures and services. Generally, as the level of cover increases, so do the number of procedures and services covered.
If you’re buying hospital insurance for the first time or you’re upgrading your policy, you may need to serve a waiting period. A waiting period is a set amount of time during which you can’t claim benefits. All health funds have waiting periods, which exist to stop people from joining, claiming and leaving without contributing premiums to the health fund.
When you go to a private hospital for a medical procedure (e.g. surgery), hospital insurance helps cover the cost of:
These items are listed separately on your hospital bill. Depending on your health fund, level of cover, your doctor and the hospital you choose to go to, some of these items may be fully covered, while other items like doctors’ fees may require you to pay some out-of-pocket.
Your favourite health care providers, not ours
But don't take our word for it
We won the award for happiest customers in health insurance!
Health insurance should be awesome. That’s why ours is easy to understand and supported by the best customer service this side of the equator.
Our policies have flexible Extras, meaning you can choose to get either 50%, 60%, 65% or even up to 75% back when you claim.
Make sure you get health insurance before you turn 31 otherwise you could get slugged with premium loadings as you get older.
Your time is precious so let us do the hard work. Talk to one of our experts about how we can help you save on your premiums and we’ll take care of the rest!
When you ring us a real live human answers the phone — and they’ll be having a really good day at work. Our amazing staff make sure you’re getting the most value out of your policy.
WOW! A health fund that got back to me – now that’s a difference! Deborah, QLD
I found the whole joining process really easy and hassle free! Just the way I like it. Lucy, NSW
Since I have been signed up to you guys I’ve received friendly and helpful service, without the usual “run around” you get from most other places – I’m impressed! Kate, VIC
A simple guide to extras insurance and how it works.
Extras insurance, otherwise known as general treatment cover or ancillary cover, helps cover the cost of out-of-hospital medical expenses. These are things like going to the dentist, physio, chiro or optometrist.
Medicare generally doesn’t pay benefits for extras services. That means without extras insurance, if you went to an extras provider like a dentist, you’d have to pay the full cost of that treatment out of your own pocket.
Extras insurance policies generally fall into three levels of cover: basic, medium and top. Each level of cover includes a different number of services. The higher the level of cover, the more services you can claim on. Depending on your level of cover and the policy you choose, you may have to pay an out-of-pocket when you receive treatment.
If you’re buying extras insurance for the first time or you’re upgrading your policy, you may need to serve a waiting period. A waiting period is a set amount of time during which you can’t claim benefits. All health funds have waiting periods. They exist to stop people from joining, claiming and leaving without contributing premiums to the health fund.
The services covered and the amount you can claim depend on your level of cover and the type of extras insurance policy you select. Common extras services include:
There are some situations where Medicare will provide a benefit for an out-of-hospital service that health insurance doesn’t cover. For example, a visit to a doctor outside of hospital, like a GP, will never be covered by health insurance, no matter what fund you’re with – that’s covered by Medicare.
Common situations where Medicare provides a benefit where health insurance doesn’t include:
As an HBF health member, you may be able to access a range of health support programs.
HBF has partnered with Friendlies to offer a range of simple and practical solutions to support you in managing your medication. It’s just one more way we’re working together to support your health.
Eligible HBF health members get a free health check at Friendlies pharmacy. So you can get the support you need to maintain your health.
Help protect yourself and those around you from the flu by getting a flu vaccination at your local Friendlies. All flu shots are delivered in a private consultation room by your trusted pharmacist.
During the 12-week program, you’ll meet with a pharmacist, a dietitian and an exercise physiologist who will create a personalised nutrition and exercise program to help you reach your health goals.
Together with your GP this 6 month program provides a Care Navigator to help you identify and achieve your health goals.
In conjunction with Bethanie, we offer a service to help you plan and achieve your health goals when living with a chronic disease.
In conjunction with Silver Chain, this mostly phone-based program helps members recover at home following an overnight hospital stay.
If you have type 2 diabetes, HBF Coach is a six-month program that gives you over the phone support and help at managing your illness.
What Hospital Cover is best for me?
Do I have to pay an excess?
Can I get more information about fees?
Will I have to wait before I claim?
Are there services Frank won’t pay on?
Hospital cover is exactly what it sounds like: insurance that helps to cover your costs in hospital. With hospital cover you’re covered for things like treatment, accommodation and nursing care.
How much of your expenses are paid depends on your level of cover, the procedure or care given, and the hospital you choose to stay in. Hospital cover doesn't cover you for services received outside of a hospital like a visit to your GP, dentist or new glasses. Things like x-rays, where you aren't admitted as an inpatient to hospital (even if they're done in a hospital building) also aren’t covered.
Before taking out hospital cover, work out exactly why you want it. Are you looking for entry level cover and happy to exclude services to keep the price down or do you want peace of mind knowing that you’re covered for whatever life might throw at you?
Frank has a range of hospital covers across different price levels. If one cover is cheaper than another, it’s because it excludes treatments or services that cost more than others. Always check the exclusion list on a product and decide how important the treatment or service is to you.
Service or treatment type is covered in a private hospital or in a public hospital as a private patient
Yes. If you are admitted to hospital, you will have to pay an excess directly to the hospital upon admission.
The most you will have to pay in excess per year is $500 for a single and $500 per person up to a maximum of $1,000 per policy per year. For example if you are admitted to hospital and pay the $500 excess and are re-admitted later in the year, you won’t need to pay it again.
Of course. There is more information about hospital fees, doctors’ fees, gap and all the nitty gritty if you’re admitted to hospital. Find out more about fees and how they work here.
Yes, particularly if you’re new to health insurance. With our covers (and most other health insurers) you have to wait a specific amount of time between signing up and making your first claim. This is called a waiting period.
Waiting periods and benefit limitations periods may not apply if you are switching from another fund.
The following table shows the waiting periods and benefit limitation periods that apply.
Yes there are. It might make us sound mean, but if you have a read, you'll see they're fair. Read the full list of things Frank won’t pay on.
Your health insurance could be sick and you don't even know it!
What is the Australian Government Rebate on private health insurance?
We help you get it right across insurance,utilities and financial products
What is the Australian Government Rebate on Private Health Insurance
Now we’re helping keep your family secure withNest connected home products
Feel safe and save money,with exclusive offers from iSelect
Our experts know their stuff. Their smarts, combined with our technology, means you get the right private health cover.
Our strong partnerships with health insurance companies means we're the most visited private health insurance comparison site in Australia.*
* iSelect is Australia’s #1 health insurance comparison site based on Hitwise data covering November 2015 to November 2016. More info
Compare Life Insurance quotes from some of Australia’s leading insurers Compare Life Insurance
A simple guide to how health insurance could affect you at tax time.
Compare Car Insurance quotes from our range of insurers Compare Car Insurance
To help relieve the strain on the public hospital system, the Australian Government put forward a rebate and two financial incentives. These initiatives encourage people to buy hospital insurance and go to private hospitals for treatment. Think of them as a ‘carrot and two sticks’.
Compare and buy from over 170 electricity, gas and solar plans Compare Electricity & Gas
The rebate is a carrot. It’s a partial refund given to people who take out health insurance. It’s designed to help make health insurance more affordable.
Compare and apply from over 1,000 home loans from more than 25 lenders Compare Home Loans
Learn more about the Australian Government Rebate on Private Health Insurance
Compare and buy from hundreds of Health Insurance policies from a range of leading providers Compare Health Insurance
The MLS is a stick. If you’re a high-income earner and you don’t have hospital insurance, this is a tax you might pay when you lodge your tax return. It’s designed to encourage people to buy hospital insurance and go private instead of public.
Compare and buy from over 280 broadband, ADSL, NBN, Cable and Entertainment plans Compare Broadband
The LHC loading is the second stick. It’s an extra cost applied to a hospital premium, making it more expensive. It only applies to people 31 or older who buy hospital insurance after the loading deadline. It’s designed to encourage people to buy hospital insurance earlier in life and maintain that cover.
Find out more about Home and Contents Insurance and get a quote online Home & Contents Insurance
To find out more about how health insurance could affect you at tax time, head to the Private Health Insurance Ombudsman.
Travelling soon? Find the right travel insurance using our comparison tool Compare Travel Insurance
Easily compare credit cards & their features from a range of providers Compare Credit Cards
Find the right mobile solution and learn more about mobile plans Switch Mobile Phone Plans
Compare pet insurance quotes from a range of insurers Compare Pet Insurance
Plenty of partners and thousands of plans, products and policies. We’ll find the one for you.
We’ve got the right people to advise you, whether it’s your health insurance or your home loan.
Whether you’re looking to research and compare or you’re ready to lock it in, we’re here to help.
Our commission doesn’t affect what you pay, our expert advice costs you nothing.
LHC Loading is also know as Lifetime Health Cover Loading and is an initiative brought in by the Federal Government in July 2000...
iSelect is very proud to announce that we have entered into a partnership with Life Education to be its Major Sponsor. We’ll be...
There’s been a lot of buzz about the National Broadband Network (NBN) over the past few years, and the good news is the national...
If you were unable to work due to illness or injury, income protection can help you manage your expenses until you get back on your...
Public versus private. It’s a debate that rages across many sectors – education, healthcare, even transport! When it comes to...
Policy purchases are secured by 128-bit SSL. You need cookies enabled to run our site. iSelect Ltd – Always get it right® ABN: 48 124 302 932
Simple and affordable options to suit you
You won’t love us. You won’t hate us
When joining Frank, you have the choice of picking a Hospital or Extras product by itself, both a Hospital and Extras product for combined cover or a pre-packaged bundle.
Frank’s hospital products range from Basic Hospital (a public hospital cover) to Best Hospital, our top cover that lets you include or remove pregnancy.
Frank’s Some Extras and Lots Extras products give you the choice between either 50% or 80% back on services (up to your annual limits).
Understanding the costs of private health insurance
Are you living with a chronic condition?
HCF MEMBERS GET A10% DISCOUNT ONPET INSURANCE
Claims submitted through our mobile app since Friday 28 July may be delayed due to a technical problem. We've fixed the issue and are working hard to process any outstanding claims. Sorry for any inconvenience.
Information to help you build a quote, claim and make informed decisions about your private healthcare.
Life, illness, accident and income insurance to protect your family and way of life.
Protect your pet with cover tailored to their life-stage and needs. HCF members save 10%.
Programs and resources that help you take control of your physical and emotional health.
Knowledge is the key to making informed decisions about your health. Our medical resources offer valuable insight.
HCF members can save on our travel and pet cover, in-home care services and new Fitness First memberships.
We have more than 50 branches across Australia. Visit one to join, access advice, claim in person and more.
Our Dental and Eyecare Centres provide a range of no-gap services to members with extras cover. Find your nearest HCF Centre.
We help our members avoid out-of-pocket costs by negotiating charge agreements with private hospitals. Find your nearest participating hospital.
How our not-for-profit status benefits our members, how the fund works, and our key partnerships.
Launched in 2000, our Foundation funds health services research projects that benefit all Australians.
Find out what it's like to work at HCF, and search for current job opportunities.
Our new Preparing for Hospital tool offers insight into common hospital procedures. Learn how it works, what it might cost and hear personal stories from HCF members who’ve had the procedure.
We know it can be hard to make time to manage your health. That's why we’ve partnered with GP2U, a convenient online GP service.
Online GP consultations can’t be claimed from Medicare or private health funds, but as an HCF member you’ll get a 15% discount on GP2U’s standard rates (which start at $69 for 15 minutes).
Thank you for getting active and supporting Team HCF at the 2017 Mother’s Day Classic. For each one of you we donated $100 to National Breast Cancer Foundation to fund breast cancer research, taking them a step closer to the goal of zero deaths from the disease by 2030.
The Hospitals Contribution Fund of Australia Limited. ABN 68 000 026 746 AFSL 241 414
How the public system works, and what private health insurance can do for you.
A modern, high-performing, simpler health care system
On the front lines of health care, there are always new challenges and opportunities. At UnitedHealth Group, we’re built to help with both.
To all of those with a passion to improve health care, our question is: How can we help?
Improving access to care, making health care more affordable, strengthening and modernizing Medicare, and reinvesting in health — all part of a 21st century health care system.
UnitedHealth Group is a distinctively diversified health and well-being company headquartered in the United States, and a leader worldwide in helping people live healthier lives and helping make the health system work better for everyone.
We are committed to introducing innovative approaches, products and services that can improve personal health and promote healthier populations in local communities. Our core capabilities in clinical expertise, advanced technology and data and health information uniquely enable us to meet the evolving needs of a changing health care environment.
UnitedHealth Group serves clients and consumers through two distinct platforms:
Knowledge and experience in organizing health care resources to best serve specific local market needs.
Enabling a variety of interactions at enormous scale and complexity, helping connect all participants in health care.
Unique skills in collecting, managing and analyzing data; and the capability to translate data into actionable information.
Through UnitedHealthcare and Optum, we provide medical benefits to people residing in all 50 states in the United States and more than 125 other countries.
Nearly 260,000 people worldwide power UnitedHealth Group with their entrepreneurial spirit and commitment to quality.
UnitedHealth Group invests nearly $3.2 billion annually in technology and innovation. We process more than 750 billion digital transactions annually.
UnitedHealth Group's workforce includes 30,000 physicians and nurses focused on helping people live healthier lives.
We are continuously exploring and testing new ideas, and collaborating with diverse partners to develop a simpler, more intelligent and cost-effective health care system for everyone.
Our mission is to help people live healthier lives and to help make the health system work better for everyone.
We believe: We must be an enterprise that represents the highest level of personal and institutional integrity. With integrity, people and institutions will want to work with us, and our core purpose will not be compromised.
We value integrity: We will honor commitments. We will never compromise ethics. We will be known for living to the highest forms and standards of ethical behavior. We will make honest commitments and consistently honor those commitments.
We behave: We will speak the truth. We will deliver on our promises. We will have the courage to acknowledge mistakes and do whatever is needed to address them.
We believe: In order to achieve the full potential of our enterprise in its purpose, to Help People Live Healthier Lives, we must fully understand and align with their needs and realities.
We value compassion: We will walk in the shoes of people we serve and those with whom we work. We celebrate our role in serving people and society in an area so vitally human as their health. We must be truly compassionate and genuinely understand, feel and identify with their needs.
We behave: We will actively listen to fully understand and genuinely empathize with people’s realities. We will then respond in service and advocacy for each individual, each group or community, and for society as a whole.
We believe: In order to achieve the full potential of our enterprise in our efforts to help people by Making Health Care Work for Everyone, we understand and believe that we can never achieve that goal alone. We must positively engage the efforts and interests of everyone who is touched by and can contribute to that effort.
We value relationships: We will build trust through collaboration in order to take action and find solutions. We understand that relationships are critical to help people work together, even when their interests are not fully aligned or fulfilled. We realize relationships bind people and organizations through trust. Trust is earned and preserved through truthfulness, integrity, active engagement and collaboration with our colleagues and clients.
We behave: We will approach all people with respect, humility, confidence and energy. We will confront issues, not people. When we have differences, we will confront them in a direct way, not passively, to resolve the issues that drive those differences. We will actively engage with people and institutions to share information, ideas and resources in order to help others achieve their goals. We will encourage the variety of thoughts and perspectives that reflect the diversity of our markets, customers and workforce.
We believe: Our fundamental role is to Make Health Care Work for Everyone. The health care environment must be engaged in constant change, yet embody a positive dynamic – it must change progressively. In turn, we must be thoughtful advocates of such change. We must value and be proficient at adapting to change as we pursue a course of continuous, positive and practical innovation as a core competency within our enterprise.
We value innovation: We will learn from experiences of the past and use those insights to invent a better future to make the health care environment work and serve everyone more fairly, productively and consistently.
We behave: We will continue to respectfully challenge the status quo. We will encourage and invest in new ideas. We will be curious and not afraid to fail in honest efforts to focus on practical and purposeful innovation that builds value and benefits the entire health care system – so it truly works for everyone.
We believe: The challenges of health care are great. Yet they are matched only by the opportunities. Our purpose to Help People Live Healthier Lives and our role to Make Health Care Work for Everyone can only be met by a demonstrated commitment to and achievement of performance excellence in everything we do.
We value performance: We are committed to deliver and demonstrate excellence in everything we do.
We behave: We will be accountable and responsible for consistently delivering high quality and superior results that make a difference. We will challenge ourselves to strive for even better outcomes in all key performance areas.
Pre-packaged hospital and extras to save you one decision
The perks of private plus a wide range of extras services to help you stay on top of your health. The Essentials Bundle includes benefits for lots of procedures in a private hospital with some exclusions to keep your costs down and gives you 60% back on popular extras.
The Starter Bundle is perfect if you’re healthy and are looking for low cost private cover in case you’re in an accident. With the added benefit of 60% back on popular extras, you don’t have to wait until you’re in an accident to be able to use this cover.
Yes there are. It might make us sound mean, but if you have a read, you'll see they're fair. Read the full list of things frank wont pay on.
Claim your way to a new you
What Extras Cover is best for me?
Do I have to use a specific provider?
Extras (sometimes called ancillary cover) include cover for treatments like dental, optical, physio, chiro and other therapies.
These treatments aren’t usually done in hospital, so your hospital cover won’t kick in for them and they aren’t covered by Medicare. Without Extras cover you have to foot the whole treatment bill.
Frank makes your extras cover decision easy with two different options ‘Some’ and ‘Lots’.
If you only use a few services on the odd occasion throughout the year, Some Extras gives you dental, optical and therapy limits.
If you use lots of services, Lots Extras gives you bigger limits across lots of different treatment types and includes additional services that you won’t see in Some Extras like podiatry, psychology and travel vaccinations.
Frank's extras covers work on a percentage back system where you can choose 50% or 80% back when you take out Some Extras or Lots Extras.
Whatever the provider charges, we pay the % back that is included on your cover up to your annual limits. That means if you are charged $40 for a treatment you’ll get $20 (if you’re on Extras with 50% back) or $32 (if you’re on extras with 80% back).
Choosing 80% back costs slightly more for the cover, but if you don’t go to providers often it will give you a higher benefit for a single visit and use your annual limits quicker. If you regularly see providers, choosing 50% will cost you a little bit less for the cover and allow you to stretch your limits out across the year.
No. We believe in freedom of choice, so we pay the same benefits to any registered provider. This means you can use your regular dentist, optometrist or physio and still claim.
Yes there are. It might make us sound mean, but if you have a read, you'll see they're fair. Read the full list of things Frank won’t pay on.
You are now leaving the Aetna website
If your browser is in Private mode, pages that use personal or geographic information may not work. Learn more about private mode. >
Aetna products for individuals and families on public exchanges: Shop for and buy coverage online.
In 2017, we’re offering plans on the health insurance marketplace, or exchange, in the following states: Delaware, Iowa, Nebraska and Virginia.
After January 31, you can’t enroll in a plan for 2017 unless you qualify for a special enrollment period.
Congress passed the Affordable Care Act (ACA) in 2010. The ACA created guidelines for the public Health Insurance Marketplace. It also:
All plans available in the Health Insurance Marketplace are separated into metal levels. The levels are bronze, silver, gold and platinum.
A plan’s level indicates roughly how much you will need to pay for premiums and out-of-pocket costs. The metallic plan levels make finding the right plan easier. They help you understand your costs. For example, a bronze plan will have higher out-of-pocket costs, but a low monthly premium. A platinum plan will have lower out-of-pocket costs, but a higher monthly premium.
There are limits to how much you will pay out of pocket. With any plan, once you have reached this limit, the insurance company pays 100% of your costs for covered care.
The out-of-pocket maximums for all metal levels is $7,150 (individual plans) and $14,300 (family plans)
Aetna Health Plans for Individuals, Families and the Self-Employed are underwritten by Aetna Life Insurance Company. Aetna Health Plans (HMO) are underwritten by Aetna Health Inc. (“Aetna” refers to Aetna Life Insurance Company and/or Aetna Health Inc.). In some states, individuals may qualify as a business group of one and may be eligible for guaranteed issue, small group health plans.
This material is for information only. Health benefits and health insurance plans contain exclusions and limitations. Information is believed to be accurate as of the production date; however, it is subject to change.
Note: This information is not meant as legal or tax advice. Please talk to your legal or tax advisor about any questions.
Links to various non-Aetna sites are provided for your convenience only. Aetna Inc. and its subsidiary companies are not responsible or liable for the content, accuracy, or privacy practices of linked sites, or for products or services described on these sites.
We have plans in your ZIP code through Innovation Health℠, an Aetna affiliate.
Do you have Aetna insurance through an employer or are you a Medicare member? Yes No
Primary care is the foundation of the U.S. health care system. Effective primary care initiates care coordination and prioritizes care management; ensures that interventions continue across delivery settings; improves quality, outcomes, and patient experiences; and contains costs by reducing downstream utilization of more expensive services delivered by specialists or in hospitals.
Despite incremental short-term gains, access to primary care remains a challenge both for the uninsured and for many individuals with health coverage. By 2025, the estimated shortage of primary care physicians will grow to be between 15,000 and 36,000.
There are multiple, complementary pathways to successfully expand primary care capacity and improve service delivery. When implemented successfully, their common threads include focusing on the patient; the quality of service delivery; and paying for value. In the near term, we can increase access to high-quality primary care services by focusing on proven, scalable approaches that include leveraging nurse practitioners as well as urgent care centers and retail health clinics.
Primary Care Report Advancing Primary Care Delivery: Practical, Proven, and Scalable Approaches
Infographic The Nature of Primary Care Delivery and the Needs of Patients are Changing
Infographic Access to primary care is central to achieving better health outcomes
Infographic Tested, scalable reforms have shown great promise in improving care delivery and enhancing provider capacity
Source: UnitedHealth Center for Health Reform & Modernization analysis, 2013. Note: Analysis assumes all states ultimately adopt the Affordable Care Act's Medicaid expansion.
Video: Learn how care coordination and actionable analytics helped Optum client Monarch HealthCare, a Pioneer ACO, achieve success.
Research: Feasibility and Preliminary Outcomes of a Scalable, Community-Based Treatment of Childhood Obesity (September 2012) UnitedHealth Group study offers evidence that the JOIN for ME program has the potential to meet the critical need for effective, accessible and affordable treatment for childhood obesity. News Release: Research Published in Peer-Reviewed Journal Pediatrics Demonstrates Effectiveness of “JOIN for ME” Program to Treat Childhood Obesity
Working Paper: The United States of Diabetes: Challenges and Opportunities in the Decade Ahead (November 2010) More than 50 percent of Americans could have diabetes or prediabetes by 2020 at a cost of $3.35 trillion over the next decade if current trends continue. This paper offers practical solutions that could improve health and life expectancy, while also saving up to $250 billion over the next 10 years, if programs to prevent and control diabetes are adopted broadly and scaled nationally. Fact Sheet: United States of Diabetes: Challenges and Opportunities in the Decade Ahead
Working Paper: Federal Health Care Cost Containment - How in Practice Can it be Done? Options with a real world track record of success (May 2009) The federal government could save $540 billion in health care costs over the next 10 years if existing, proven programs and techniques that have improved health care quality and slowed the growth of medical spending are applied more broadly, says this report. The report provides policymakers and health care leaders with a range of “real world” savings options.
Brief: $500 to $620 Billion Could be Saved by Modernizing Medicare and Medicaid (February 2017) This Brief presents proven, scalable solutions to increase the effectiveness and efficiency of Medicare and Medicaid, improving quality and health outcomes for beneficiaries. It estimates these solutions could generate federal budget savings of $500 billion to $620 billion over the next decade.
Brief: Successful Medicaid Enrollment Strategies to Cover the Uninsured (June 2015) This Brief presents the strategic approaches Kentucky and Arkansas adopted to increase enrollment for low-income residents and cut their uninsured populations in half. These four strategic approaches, which are straightforward and operational in nature, can serve as practical examples for other states working to cover the uninsured – however they choose to pursue that goal.
Working Paper: Medicare and Medicaid: Savings Opportunities from Health Care Modernization (January 2013) Modernizing Medicare and Medicaid could improve patient health and save the federal government $542 billion over the next decade, says this report. The report analyzes a strategy to unlock savings by applying best practices for improved prevention, care coordination and payment reform, as an alternative to cutting benefits or provider payments.
Working Paper: Coverage for Consumers, Savings for States: Options for Modernizing Medicaid (April 2010) States and the federal government can save an estimated $366 billion over the next decade by modernizing Medicaid, according to this report. States’ share of these potential savings is estimated at $149 billion, which can help offset states’ budget pressures. A portion of these savings could also be reinvested in primary care. Working Paper Summary Presentation
Working Paper: Farewell to Fee-For-Service? A ‘Real World’ Strategy for Health Care Payment Reform (December 2012) Health care payment reform could save the United States $200 billion to $600 billion over the coming decade, but implementation challenges are substantial, says this report. The report outlines real-world payment reform initiatives, provides new insights into physician and hospital readiness, and recommends practical strategies for health system stakeholders.
Working Paper: US Deficit Reduction: The Medicare and Medicaid Modernization Opportunity (October 2010) Federal and state governments could save taxpayers about $3.5 trillion over the next 25 years by expanding the use of coordinated care programs in Medicare and Medicaid, according to this report. The report sets out practical steps to better coordinate care and provide holistic and proactive support for seniors and Medicaid beneficiaries.
Successful Medicaid Enrollment Strategies to Cover the Uninsured
Between 2013 and 2014 the number of adults without coverage fell by 8 million individuals, driven largely by an increase in Medicaid enrollment, but many remain without coverage – leaving Medicaid with the potential to cover 12 million uninsured adults.
Leveraging the specific approaches and best practices from successful states, like Kentucky and Arkansas, can help pave the way forward for broader and sustained increases in coverage nationwide – potentially reducing the uninsured population by a third under current federal law.
The Brief identifies four strategic approaches focused on ensuring that individuals who qualify for coverage are aware of their eligibility and can gain and keep coverage. The key to achieving robust increases in coverage is not adopting a set of uniform policy prescriptions, but addressing priorities that apply broadly to all states.
[Don't have Microsoft PowerPoint? Try this ODP file: Enrollment Strategies Chart Pack*]
* The ODP file may have small variations from the Microsoft PowerPoint file due to limitations of that file type. It is made available for the convenience of those who do not have PowerPoint on their device.
Future health care reform efforts should seek to make high-quality health care accessible and affordable for everyone by advancing proven, state-based sustainable coverage solutions, reducing the complexity and costs that challenge the consumer experience today, and enabling and incentivizing innovative solutions to ensure a modern, 21st century health care system for the American people. Learn more about our ideas to advance state-based health care markets, stabilize health care coverage, and improve affordability.
Establish State-Based Public and Private Market Solutions, Provide States Flexibility to Design Cost-Effective Coverage Solutions, Revitalize the Private Individual Market, and Strengthen and Grow Employer-Sponsored Insurance More
Promote Value-Based Payments, Advance Consumer-Directed Care, Limit Excessive Price Increases, and Eliminate Harmful Taxes. More
Create a 21st Century Health Workforce, Enable a Data-Driven, Interoperable System, Invest in Medical and Health Services Research and Innovation, and Prioritize Prevention. More
The Center for Health Reform & Modernization advances UnitedHealth Group's thought leadership efforts to help build a modern, high-performing, simpler health care system. The Center conducts health care research and analyzes the health care market and policy environment, including enterprise best practices and proven solutions.
UnitedHealth Group's health care reform and modernization plan seeks to make high-quality health care accessible and affordable for everyone. More
Drawing on our experience, best practices and insights serving stakeholders across the health system, we are addressing key elements of health care modernization. More
Issue Brief: The Growth of Specialty Pharmacy: Current Trends and Future Opportunities (April 2014) Innovative specialty drugs are providing important cures and treatments, with new therapies expected in the near future. However, annual costs for certain drugs may reach $30,000 and in some cases exceed $100,000 per patient. Already these drugs comprise over a quarter of total drug spending in the United States and spending is growing at double-digit rates even as the growth rate for traditional pharmaceuticals has slowed.
News Release: Multidisciplinary Roundtable Explores Challenges in Managing Innovation and Cost of Specialty Pharmaceuticals for Progressive and Chronic Diseases
Issue Brief Citation: (Nov. 28, 2014) American Journal of Managed Care: Specialty Drugs a Rising Healthcare Cost
Support for Individual Nations’ Health Care Systems
UnitedHealth Group is deploying its core capabilities in clinical care improvement, population health management, health insurance, care delivery and analytics and health technology in a variety of global business settings that fall into two overarching categories:
UnitedHealth Group provides integrated global health benefits and services to major employers with workforces in more than 125 countries through our UnitedHealthcare Global health benefits and services. In addition, we are providing integrated international medical assistance, safety and on-site clinical support for multinational employers, and we manage cross-border health care costs incurred by many of the leading global insurers with operations in the United States.
Our work includes a variety of business models, leveraging our capabilities within both UnitedHealthcare and Optum, including support for national health systems, private payers, employers and care providers in markets as diverse as India, Portugal and Australia – with an important focus on Brazil, our largest market presence outside the United States, as well as the United Kingdom.
Because health isn’t an industry. It’s a cause.
Kaiser Permanente was founded on the radically simple idea that everyone deserves the chance to live a healthy life. That’s why you can find high-quality care and coverage in one place.
As a member, you’re at the center of everything we do — from pioneering new ways to treat cancer to building useful tools that make it easier to stay on top of your health.
And since you drive enough already, we offer many services under one roof. You can often leave an appointment and pick up a prescription at an on-site pharmacy. Then swing by a farmers market on the way to the parking lot.
When all your caregivers are connected on the same electronic health record system, they know when you’re due for a screening. Or if you’re allergic to a medication. And they can work together to help keep you healthier — staying focused on getting you the right care, instead of more care. It’s good to have some team support.
Nothing is more important than your health and the health of your loved ones. So when you pay for health care, you want your money to be used wisely.
As a Kaiser Permanente member, you get more than just a plan that fits your budget. You get coverage that goes where life takes you — whether you’re rock-climbing every weekend or relaxing in retirement. And you get a team approach to care that can help keep you from getting sick in the first place.
Choose a plan that’s right for you, your family, or your employees.
Find top-notch doctors, specialists, and pharmacies near you.
Estamos trabajando para que más funciones estén disponibles en español. Sin embargo, algunas páginas y funciones solo aparecen en inglés.
Programs to keep you at your best
And we’re getting better all the time
At Anthem, we know that the relationship between you and your doctor is vital. So we have doctors who take your care to the next level, who take the time to really listen, and who work with you as your partner towards better health. We also have specialized health and wellness programs to help you along. And the leading doctors and facilities in our Anthem family give you the exceptional care you deserve.
Enhanced Personal Health Care doctors work with you across your whole personal health journey. It’s a way of giving care that encourages doctors to take more time with you — to really understand you and help you to be healthier. They’ll help you manage treatments and prescriptions and coordinate care from other doctors or specialists. Find yours today with Anthem.
For specific health concerns, like joint surgery or cardiac care, we have doctors and care centers that are specialized for what you need. We’ve selected the leading doctors and facilities to recommend so that you get the best care.
Doctors who meet certain quality of care and cost standards may earn a Blue Precision title. Look for the Blue Precision logo next to your doctor’s name when you use our Find a Doctor tool.
Hospitals and other centers of care that meet tough standards for quality may earn the title of Blue Distinction Center for Specialty Care. We’ve worked with expert doctors to come up with these standards, and every 18 to 36 months, centers must prove that they deserve to keep their Blue Distinction title.
If you have personal wellness goals like managing your weight, staying fit, or eating better, we have lifestyle programs to help keep you healthy and motivated. And if you’re managing a specific health concern, like diabetes or depression, Anthem has support programs that match you with a specialist to work with you and your doctor. They’ll help give you strategies and tools for improving your health or managing your chronic condition. Check out these programs for Anthem members, and take advantage of these resources designed just for you.
With online wellness tools, weight management resources and personalized coaching, we offer support to help you reach your healthy goals. Our SpecialOffers let you keep more cash in your pocket, with discounts on health-related products, weight management programs, and gym memberships.
Our Behavioral Health and Employee Assistance Program (EAP)s can help you work through stressful times in your life with tools for dealing with stress or anxiety. You can be paired with a caring mental health professional to support you and your family through treatment and help you learn about your options.
Anthem offers maternity coverage and preventive care throughout pregnancy. Expectant moms may be able to enroll in our Future Moms program. Where we’ll pair you with a nurse specialist to be your pregnancy coach. You’ll work together to manage your screenings, discuss your nutrition, and prepare you for your delivery.
When you have to stay in the hospital, you’ll see a lot of doctors and nurses. Keeping track of your care can get tough. Our Care Management team is there to support you, your family and your doctors by making sure you’re getting the best care for you. They can help you understand new medications, set up home health services, and more.
By learning from feedback, making new program developments, and bringing new doctors and facilities into our family, we continually pursue our goal of getting better all the time. Log in to learn more about how we’re improving your membership or read an overview in the PDF below.
What to Know: Anthem’s Health Care Services
Things to know when visiting your doctor
When you use your health care services, there are some important things to know that could save you time and money, and keep you feeling your best. Here, you’ll learn about the best place to get care when you have a basic, urgent, or emergency medical need. You’ll learn the best ways to prepare for your doctor’s appointment, and you can even get a personalized set of preventive care milestones with our Preventive Health Calendar. Let’s get started.
Flu, Allergies, Fever, Sinus infections, Diarrhea, Pinkeye and other eye infections, Skin infection or rash
Visit your local retail clinic for flu shots or help with mild rashes, fevers, or colds.
Rash, Minor burns, Cough, Sore throat, Shots, Ear or sinus pain, Burning with urination, Minor fever, Cold, Minor allergic reactions, Bumps, cuts & scrapes, Eye pain or irritation
Your doctor’s office is a great place for scheduled care and check-ups, and you should try them first during office hours in a non-life-threatening emergency.
Mild asthma, Rash, Minor burns, Minor fever or cold, Nausea, diarrhea, Back pain, Minor headache, Ear or sinus pain, Cough, sore throat, Bumps, cuts, scrapes, Minor allergic reactions, Burning with urination, Shots, Eye pain or irritation
Urgent Care is accessible in many communities at all hours of the day and night. Doctors and nurses can help with non-life-threatening but urgently-needed care quickly.
Sprain & strains, Nausea or diarrhea, Ear or sinus pain, Minor allergic reactions, Animal bites, Back pain, Cough, Sore throat, Mild asthma, Burning with urination, Rash, Minor burns, X-rays, Minor fever or cold, Stitches, Eye pain or irritation, Minor headache, Shots, Bumps, cuts and scrapes
You should always go to the ER if you believe your life or health is in danger. However, for less severe injuries or illnesses, the ER can be expensive and wait times can average over 4 hours.
Preventive care is an important part of your overall health. Find out the recommended screening and vaccine schedule recommended for you and your age group and gender. There are also unique guidelines if you are pregnant.
Are you sure you want to close the chat?
Al hacer clic en "Continuar", el sitio web se traducirá al inglés hasta que usted cierre esta sesión.
Si desea que el inglés sea su preferencia permanente de idioma en este sitio, vaya a su información personal de perfil.
Al hacer clic en "Continuar", el sitio web se traducirá al español hasta que usted cierre esta sesión.
Si desea que el español sea su preferencia permanente de idioma en este sitio, vaya a su información personal de perfil.
Al hacer clic en "Continuar", usted regresará al principio de este formulario, y toda la información que haya ingresado en el formulario se perderá.
One site says you need to drink more water. Another says you don't. Why click around? Get physician-reviewed health information and online tools right here.
The advantages of being a Kaiser Permanente member start now. Get online programs, special rates, wellness coaching, and classes to help you live healthier.
Get the facts on the prescriptions in your medicine chest and the vitamins in your kitchen with our drug and natural medicine resources.
Anthem, Inc. is committed to being a valued health care partner and working together to transform health care with trusted and caring solutions. We are developing the technology, solutions and programs that give consumers greater access to care, working with providers to ensure a quality health care experience for consumers and easing cost challenges by advancing affordability in the health care industry
The Anthem, Inc. Managed Care Pharmacy Resident Program is designed to help pharmacy graduates transition from the academic setting to one that fosters an exceptional drug-management experience. The program achieves this by providing practical and comprehensive exposure in all components of managed-care pharmacy practice. Participants in the program interact with health care providers who assist our health plan members and coordinate member care with nurses, social workers, pharmacists and medical directors in our health plans. We are proud that our program recently received a six-year, full accreditation from the American Society of Health-System Pharmacists and Academy of Managed Care Pharmacy (AMCP). Additionally, the program has been acknowledged by the professional pharmacy community for its senior leadership support, interdisciplinary approach, growth potential, clear and concise experiential documentation and other innovative strides.
Access to cost and quality information is essential to consumers in choosing better health care. In 2015, we expanded our collaboration with Castlight Health, Inc. to provide innovative cost and quality decision-support tools and develop new products that will offer consumers easy to understand health care cost and quality information. If a consumer knows exactly how much a procedure costs and they see cost variances and quality rankings among providers, the consumer now has the power to make an informed decision. Beyond the consumer benefit, providing cost and quality transparency can foster market competition, which may lead to improved cost and quality over time. Consumer data, coupled with Castlight’s innovative, consumer-friendly web and mobile solutions, have the potential to transform how the health care industry provides cost and quality information to millions of consumers – giving them access to useful, actionable information right at their fingertips.
Anthem, Inc. companies have been industry leaders in the transparency space since 2006, when the precursor to our Estimate Your Costs tool was developed. It is an online transparency tool and resource that provides cost information at specified area hospitals and professional providers for nearly 400 treatment categories including common procedures such as MRIs, CT scans and surgical procedures. Estimate Your Costs puts helpful information at health plan members’ fingertips, allowing them to quickly and easily compare prices across facilities. The estimate is based on the individual's benefit plan.
Estimate Your Cost also provides quality information for inpatient procedures. Anthem, Inc. is committed to helping consumers get high quality, affordable care. The Estimate Your Cost tool provides quality rankings alongside the cost data to ensure you are getting the highest quality care at an affordable cost.
Wide price variations often exist for the same health care services, even within the same geography and same network. However, higher prices do not necessarily correspond to better quality care. This creates an opportunity to reduce costs without sacrificing quality. With Reference Based Benefits, employers can set a benefit limit, or "reference price" for specific types of services covered under their group health plans administered by Anthem, Inc.'s affiliated health plans. Using consumer-friendly tools provided through a collaboration with Castlight employees covered by Anthem, Inc.’s affiliated health plans can easily find high-quality providers that provide the services for a fee that is at or below the reference price. Reference Based Benefits are highly configurable based upon an employer's needs. They can be dynamically tailored to each specific company in each of its geographies, including variations in which services are included in the program and the reference price for each.
Anthem developed the Referenced Based Pricing concept in partnership with the California Public Employees’ Retirement System. Their program lowered the price of members’ hip and knee replacement surgeries by 19 percent in one year while also demonstrating similar to better outcomes at lower-cost hospitals.
The analysis is based on findings for the referenced-based purchasing design program for CalPERS members developed by CalPERS and Anthem, Inc.’s affiliated health plan in California. California hospital charges for total knee replacement and total hip replacement surgeries ranged from $15,000 to $110,000 without evidence of difference in outcome or quality, according to Anthem, Inc.’s California affiliated health plan analysis conducted in 2009. The results were further documented in Health Affairs where, in addition to influencing enrollee behavior, the program was found to have significant impact on provider prices.
Traditionally, health plan and consumer interaction occurs solely at the point of benefit review or payment. At Anthem, we believe a health plan should support and empower the consumer throughout their personal health journey. That’s why our California plan, Anthem Blue Cross, created the Vivity benefit plan. Vivity combines the expertise of our health plan with a provider network that includes seven Los Angeles and Orange County hospitals and their affiliated medical groups. Together, Vivity aligns care and improves the consumer experience. This moves away from fee-for-service payment to true financial risk and gain-sharing that rewards providers for activities that keep patients healthy.
The hospitals are paid according to the rates in their Anthem Blue Cross provider contracts, but they now have the opportunity to earn shared savings. The risk-sharing arrangement is structured to incentivize the participating hospital systems to focus on sustainable costs and favorable outcomes for members. Each of these hospital systems holds the others accountable for high quality, affordable care and each must satisfy certain quality metrics before receiving any shared savings. Consumers benefit through simplified access to care and more predictable costs.
There are two types of health insurance:
Why does health insurance cost so much?
Why does health care cost so much?
Health insurance makes health care more affordable.
Why are we spending more on health care than we used to?
Why do insurance premiums go up but physician reimbursements don't?
What can health care providers and insurers do about the rising costs of health care?
Inefficient and ineffective use of medical services
Personal health habits that lead to poor health
Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA)
What is HCSC doing to help reduce the cost of health care?
Health care is expensive. Health care costs are increasing every year. Without health insurance it would be difficult for most people to afford their health care bills.
What is HCSC doing about the problem of access to health insurance?
Taxpayer-funded health insurers are funded by state and federal taxes. Examples include:
The cost of health insurance is directly related to the cost of paying for health care services, the costs associated with liability and defensive medicine, the cost of complying with government regulations and the cost of administering health benefits, wellness and disease management programs.1
Private health insurance is primarily funded through benefits plans provided by employers.
As a customer-owned company rather than a stockholder-owned company, Health Care Service Corporation (HCSC), which operates the Blue Cross and Blue Shield plans in Illinois, Montana, New Mexico, Oklahoma and Texas, puts its net earnings into its policyholders' reserve fund, to serve as a safety net of about $715 for each of its nearly 14 million members, or enough to pay for a single ambulance ride for each current member, in some areas.
To receive health insurance, employees choose to participate in their employer-sponsored plan. They pay a premium. In return, they receive an insurance card that gives them access to the doctors, hospitals and other health care providers that are part of the insurance plan.
For example, from 1987 to 2006, the general rate of inflation caused health care spending to increase about 84 percent just to keep pace.3 However, overall personal health care spending above inflation during those 20 years increased 214 percent4, a reflection of the increased demand for and consumption of health care services.
Health insurance helps people pay for health care by combining the risk of high health care costs across a large number of people, permitting them (or employers) to pay a premium based on the average cost of medical care for the group.
Thus, health insurance makes the cost of health care affordable for most people.
When an individual has an insurance card, it provides easier access to medical care by showing health care providers that most of the individual’s covered treatment costs will be paid.
There are three primary reasons we are spending more on health care than we used to:
Most private health insurance is provided through employer-sponsored benefits plans.
Americans receive health care services in sync with the latest medical evidence about only half the time.5 In addition, despite spending more than $2 trillion annually on health care, the overall quality of care has increased only 3 percent over the past few years.6
States generally regulate the business of health insurance. At the same time, a number of federal laws also govern health insurance. We will review two specific federal laws: ERISA and HIPAA.
However, states cannot require self-funded employer plans to offer benefits (these plans are governed under ERISA).
There are many components that make up a health insurance premium. On average, for every dollar of a health insurance premium:11
HIPAA requires state-licensed private insurers to accept certain people leaving group health coverage into the individual market regardless of their health status and without any exclusion period for pre-existing medical conditions. However, in most states, if eligible people are guaranteed access to coverage in the state's high-risk pool, private insurers are not required to sell coverage to them.
HIPAA also prohibits state-licensed private insurers from considering the health status of a member when determining the member’s eligibility for group coverage.
The amount of each dollar that goes to doctor reimbursements as well as the amount that goes to health plan benefits administration and health insurer earnings have remained flat over the years.
To help you better understand health insurance, please view our Health Care Glossary and Health Care FAQs.
The reason that health insurance premiums have gone up but doctor reimbursements haven't is because more of the health insurance premium dollar is being spent on specialty care and on medical technology services than when general practice medicine played a larger role in how we receive health care services.
In addition, too much of the premium dollar is spent on the practice of defensive medicine and malpractice liability costs, reducing the amount available for reimbursing appropriate care. For example, the direct costs of medical liability were estimated to total nearly $30 billion in 2005.12
There are several activities that health care providers and insurers can pursue, although the intensity of pursuit will vary depending on the provider or insurer. There are three general areas and at least 10 specific opportunities to make improvements:
As the largest customer-owned health insurer in the country and fourth-largest health insurer overall, HCSC believes it must be a leader in getting health care costs under control, not only to support its customers' needs but also to improve upon the existing public-private system of health care financing and delivery. This system, with all of its innovation and advances in medicine, is an essential part of the standard of living in the United States.
HCSC's strategy is to go to the root of the problem and reduce cost by helping to improve health. HCSC believes the best way to do this is by combining comprehensive health insurance and programs to manage chronic disease with wellness initiatives that can help prevent the onset of disease and optimize individual health. Consistent with HCSC's mission to promote the health and wellness of its members and the community, the implementation of its strategy is twofold:
To support HCSC's strategy as it relates to its health plan members, HCSC has developed and is implementing a health information system that can link health plan members with their doctors and HCSC's clinical staff in both a high tech and high touch manner. The system provides a way to maximize health care quality and minimize health care cost in a customized way for any individual.
Known as Blue Care Connection, the system is designed to gather, combine and analyze an individual's physician, hospital, lab and pharmacy claims information; biometric data (such as weight, height, body mass index and waist circumference); personal health record information; and doctor and hospital medical record data.
From there, a customized profile can be developed and a personalized plan of action can be provided to optimize individual health and help keep individual health care costs to a minimum. This plan of action can range from preventive care and health counseling, to lifestyle and disease management, to chronic or acute care case management.
The system is designed to continually update and adjust an individual's profile and plan of action based on new information about the member's health status and improvements in best practices related to prevention and treatment.
To support its strategy of health improvement as it relates to the people who live in the communities where HCSC operates — regardless of whether they are HCSC health plan members or not — HCSC is developing and implementing comprehensive public health programs. On this front, HCSC is working with community partners who share a two-pronged goal of:
While recognizing the variety of needs that exist at a local level, HCSC has identified and is targeting a specific condition that has one of the greatest costs to the community: childhood obesity.
The first major HCSC initiative that engages the problem of childhood obesity is the HCSC-OrganWise Guys (OWG) community collaborative initiative, a nationally recognized elementary-school based education and nutrition program that combines health and wellness curricula and nutritionally sound cafeteria offerings. The HCSC-OWG initiative brings together a critical cross section of stakeholders who want to build healthier communities and improve the future health status of the country. The initiative's goal is to address wellness at an early enough age to make a difference in the future.
HCSC believes that solutions to the problems of access to affordable insurance must build on the current public-private system, which provides coverage for nearly 85 percent of all Americans. No proposals should put that coverage in jeopardy. To that end, HCSC has designed a variety of on and off exchange health insurance products to increase the number of individuals and small businesses with health coverage.
Medicare is the United States' federal health insurance program for people who are 65 or older, certain younger people with disabilities, and people with End-Stage Renal Disease (permanent kidney failure requiring dialysis or a transplant, sometimes called ESRD). In general, all persons 65 years of age or older who have been legal residents of the United States for at least 5 years are eligible for Medicare.
Before your 65th birthday is the time to start thinking about Medicare. That means understanding what Medicare is, how and when to enroll, and what it does and does not cover. The way you choose to receive your Medicare benefits affects many aspects of your coverage including out-of-pocket costs, plan benefits and provider networks.
While Medicare is a federal program, private insurers can and do play a role in providing your health plan coverage. You can choose to receive all of your Medicare benefits through a private insurer, or you can choose to receive your Part A and B coverage through original Medicare and sign up for a Medicare Prescription Drug Plan (Part D) with a private insurer. Additionally, you can choose to add on to your Medicare coverage with a Medicare Supplement Insurance Plan, often referred to as Medigap, that helps you with the cost of copays, coinsurance and deductibles among other expenses.
We have created some simple educational videos to explain what each part of Medicare means to you.
Coverage for individuals who need care in the U.S. and abroad
We have over 30 years experience in international medical insurance. And more than 500,000 members trust us with their care worldwide. We offer:
Designed to help expatriates find first-class international medical coverage, this type of plan offers a wide range of options to fit a busy lifestyle.
This style of coverage gives you access to the highest level of health care and services, regardless of your location.
Your dental health affects your overall health
You can buy dental benefits and insurance directly from us in five states: Alaska, Arizona, Delaware, Illinois and Pennsylvania. Our network of dental care providers is one of the largest in the country.
With our dental discount program, you can choose from more than 131,000 available dental practices nationwide1 and make an appointment. After you see the dentist, show your discount card and you'll get instant savings – 15 percent to 50 percent off the cost of most services.* (Not available in Montana or Vermont.)
You can purchase a discount card online, by mail or by phone. Rates start at $7.99 a month.
1According to the Aetna Enterprise Database as of April 1, 2013. *Actual costs and savings vary by provider and geographic area.
The Vital Savings by Aetna® program (the "Program") is not insurance. The Program is not available in Montana or Vermont. The Program does not meet the Minimum Creditable Coverage requirements in Massachusetts. It provides members with access to discounts at certain health care providers for medical and dental services. These discounts are discounted fees according to schedules negotiated by Aetna Life Insurance Company for the Vital Savings by Aetna discount program. The range of discounts provided under the Program will vary depending on the type of provider and type of service received
Dental benefits and dental insurance plans are offered and/or underwritten by Aetna Health Inc. and/or Aetna Life Insurance Company (Aetna). Each insurer has sole financial responsibility for its own products.
If you have limited assets, special needs or a disability, you may qualify for Medicaid coverage. It's offered at no or very low cost for those who qualify.
Aetna Better Health of Pennsylvania Aetna Better Health of Pennsylvania Kids
We manage plans across the country including the Children's Health Insurance Plan (CHIP), plans for people on Medicaid and Medicare and long-term care programs. Our plans go by different names in different states, but they all offer the same high-quality care.
Find a doctor, dentist, facility, or vision provider
Aetna delivers global health and wellness solutions. Find out about plans available outside of the United States.
If you're looking for a health plan for you or your family, see which of our health plans might fit your needs.
You can purchase dental coverage directly from us in certain areas of the United States. Shop for dental coverage
Maybe you're new to Medicare or just exploring your options. We can help you compare benefits, estimate costs and find a plan that's right for you.
Our tools and resources fit your life and help you take charge of your health.
Access your health records, view claims and find in-network doctors all while you’re on the go.
Log in or set up your account to see plan details, check on a claim, refill a prescription and more.
What's your vision of healthier living? We want to help you get there. Take a look at some of the articles and advice we have to offer.
How can I buy individual health insurance coverage?
How is individual health insurance different from group health insurance?
Why get family or individual health insurance at HealthPlanOne?
With fewer and fewer employers providing family and individual health insurance for their employees, many are turning to private health insurance solutions. HealthPlanOne is here to provide in depth information and provide you with an individual health insurance quote that meets your needs.
For more information about individual, small business, short term, student or family health insurance please continue on to our health insurance articles and guides that cover everything from facts to consider when buying health insurance to HSAs to Medicare. If you are ready to see what is available in your area, please view our state map to receive state specific information and a personalized individual health insurance quote or enter your ZIP code above for an instant online health insurance quote.
Individual health insurance is coverage that a person buys independently. It can be sold to a single individual, to a parent and dependent children, or to a family. The majority of Americans get their health insurance coverage through an employer or through a government program, but five percent of the population purchases private health coverage on an individual basis. Each state separately regulates how individual policies may be marketed and sold.
You’ve come to the right place. In almost every state, individual health insurance coverage can be purchased through licensed health insurance salespeople known as agents or brokers. Independent agents and brokers sell insurance plans from many health insurance companies, and they can help you find the coverage that best suits your individual needs.
Agents and brokers also provide service on the policies they have sold, and can help you process claims or with anything else you need regarding your policy. The insurance companies for which agents and brokers sell coverage pay them a commission for their work, so you will not be charged a direct fee if you want to use the services of an agent or broker. Enter your ZIP code above to get a free individual health insurance quote in 3 easy steps.
Individual health insurance is very different than group health insurance, which is the type of insurance that is offered through an employer. Since laws mandating what types of services must be included in individual policies are often different than those dictating what must be included in group policies, benefits are generally less extensive than what most people would receive through coverage they have through work. Individual consumers may be surprised to learn that some benefits that may be considered "standard" in a group policy, like maternity coverage or substance-abuse treatment, may not be included in an individual plan. Sometimes individual health insurance consumers have the option to pay extra for coverage of additional services like maternity coverage. This extra coverage is referred to as an optional rider.
Cost is often the primary factor for individual health insurance consumers, which is another reason why the benefits included in individual policies are often simpler. In addition, deductibles (the amount you have to pay before insurance benefits begin) and cost-sharing (the fees you pay directly to medical providers at the time of service) are also generally higher.
Prices are fixed by law - you cannot find a better price for your selected plan.
You need health insurance for your family — here's why!
Rising health insurance costs have caused 2 out of 5 employers to no longer provide health insurance coverage to their employees. USA Today reports that the average cost for a family health insurance policy is over $10,000 a year. Because of this, many Americans have decided to forgo either individual or family health insurance and instead pay out of pocket in the event of a medical emergency. However, recent studies have shown that the uninsured are often forced to pay 2.5 times what most health insurers paid.
Those who do continue without health insurance are less likely to receive the proper care when it is needed. A study spanning over eight years found that the "uninsured receive less care and experience worse outcomes”. Children who have discontinued health coverage are also extremely at risk. A 2005 study shows that children without medical care for even part of a year commonly do not seek medical attention and do not get prescriptions filled.
However, it is still possible to find a low cost health insurance plan. You just need to know what to look for and you need to understand how health insurance works.
The biggest difference between a private health insurance plan for an individual and one which covers a family is the structure of the deductible. The deductible is a set amount that a member must pay before the insurance company begins to pay for services. A person with an insurance policy that has a deductible will be required to pay for the medical services they receive until the amount they have spent towards services reaches the amount of the deductible. After the member has spent up to the deductible, the insurance coverage will kick in to cover subsequent services. The best family insurance is that which has separate deductibles for each individual and then a family deductible. For instance, a good plan might have a $5000 deductible for each family member and a $10,000 deductible for the whole family. Each individual must reach $5000 in services before the insurance begins to pay for their care, OR when the sum of expenses of all family members reaches $10,000 then the insurance will kick in to cover all members. Insurance carriers such as Aetna offer this type of plan.
However, other plans may be structured with a 2 member or 3 member maximum on the deductible. For instance, some UnitedHealth One plans have a 2 member maximum family deductible. This means that 2 family members must each pay for services up to the deductible before other family members can receive benefits. This deductible structure might present a problem however. A family with a $2000 deductible, 2 member maximum plan might see 4 family members each pay for $1500 in services. Though this would equal $6000 total spent by the family, since no 2 members would have yet each reached $2000, no family member yet be covered outside of the deductible. Celtic insurance company has some plans with a 3 member max, where 3 family members must each spend up to the deductible before all family members are fully covered. This set-up makes it very difficult for the family to reach their deductible. The bright side of these 2 or 3 member max situations is in the event that 4 family members reach $1500, as in our first example, and then eventually 2 family members reach the $2000 amount, the insurance company would write a check back to the family for money spent in excess of the deductible.
Another key factor to consider when buying family health insurance is whether the insurance company prices the product by individual family member or by a set family rate. For instance, in New Jersey many of the family plans by Horizon and Oxford Health Plans have family rates regardless of the number of dependents. In such a case, it may make sense for a family with a single child dependent to purchase multiple insurance policies rather than one which covers the whole family. Because a set family rate plan will cover many dependents, it may be unnecessarily costly for a family with only one child. It might be cheaper overall to buy a child-only policy for the child and another policy for the parents. As a side-note, it is important to remember that if one member of the family has some preexisting condition and is going to receive an increased rate, the buyer should make sure that the entire policy is not rated up but is rated up just for that family member.
The final thing to look for when buying a family insurance policy is a strong preventive care package for children with little or no co-pay. These benefits are typically not expensive but are very valuable for your child’s future health, and so are a great investment.
Child health insurance can be very reasonably priced, especially for healthy children. The best value in health insurance for kids can be found in buying a plan that has a high deductible, yet has rich preventive and office based treatment. Many plans have three well-child baby visits and annual physicals that include lab tests and other blood work. It often does not make sense to get a low deductible when buying health insurance for children because it just raises the premium price, and that money could ultimately be saved and used in the case there is a large expense.
If you are considering child health insurance, you may also want to consider a health savings account. These accounts typically have very rich preventive care with high deductibles and, in certain cases, 100% coverage after the deductible is met. This also offers a great savings vehicle if there is additional money to save for a large expense down the road. The Tonik health plans by Anthem are very popular options for child health insurance, as they often include both a dental and vision benefit. Aetna also has excellent child-only plans that have strong preventive care and dental coverage for a small additional cost.
No matter what plan fits best with your child's health insurance needs, it is essential to have coverage in place for your child, should anything happen and oftentimes child health insurance is more affordable than adult health insurance. While you do have the option of insuring your child individually, it is also usually affordable to simply add a child to a family health insurance plan. Many family plans cover adult and child health insurance, all under the umbrella of a single plan.
As an organization owned by its customers and guided by its core purpose to stand with its members in sickness and health, Health Care Service Corporation (HCSC) believes it has a special responsibility to lead in its communities and set the standard as an employer, business leader, and local resident. Our social responsibility is defined by the contributions we make through our business operations, our support for community initiatives and local economies, our respect for people, promoting a healthy environment and maintaining the strongest possible ethics and compliance.
HCSC has a long tradition of addressing the needs and well-being of our members, our employees and the communities in which we do business through community involvement. A core example of that commitment is demonstrated through our Healthy Kids, Healthy Families (HKHF) initiative. Now in its fifth year, HKHF has invested nearly $37 million to improve the health and wellness of children and their families in our communities. Since 2011, HKHF has partnered with approximately 100 organizations annually to provide more than 19 million health and wellness services to children and their families.
HCSC is committed to creating and maintaining a strong community presence throughout the states where we live and work. We are dedicated to corporate citizenship, and our employees exemplify that commitment each year by volunteering thousands of hours with nonprofit partners across the states in which we operate. Our employees truly lead the charge, spending their time to volunteer alongside like-minded organizations to address an array of important social causes within our communities.
Why We Maintain a Strong Local Presence
Health Care Service Corporation (HCSC), a Mutual Legal Reserve Company and an Independent Licensee of the Blue Cross and Blue Shield Association, is the largest customer-owned health insurer in the United States and fourth largest overall, operating through our Blue Cross and Blue Shield® Plans in Illinois, Montana, New Mexico, Oklahoma and Texas. HCSC affiliates and subsidiaries such as Dearborn National®, TMG Health and Medecision, offer group life, disability and dental solutions, as well as a range of other individual solutions.
The company, founded in 1936, serves nearly 15 million members across five states and employs more than 21,000 people in over 60 local offices.
HCSC is dedicated to expanding access to high quality, cost effective health care and equipping our members with information and tools so they can make the best health care decisions for themselves and their families. Our health plans were pioneers in their states, as they were the first to provide coverage for a number of procedures — ranging from heart and bone marrow transplants, to cancer and leukemia treatments. Today, we are leaders in the development of value-based care models to spur greater collaboration and accountability among various stakeholders to improve the health care experience for patients and consumers and enable them lead healthier lives.
HCSC is dedicated to contributing to the well-being of the communities in which our employees and members live, work and play. We continue our longstanding tradition of community support through charitable investments with community partners, volunteerism, civic engagement, event sponsorship, employee giving, donation drives and in-kind donations.
As the largest non-investor-owned health insurer in the country, HCSC views health care financing, access and delivery with a long-term perspective that promotes the entire health care system, not just the company's position.
Among the keys to HCSC's success is the collaborative approach the company employs to develop health care solutions with physicians, hospitals, employers, the government and community-based health organizations.
For more than 80 years, HCSC has been there for our members — sometimes during the worst times in their lives. We are there as an ally, to provide security and peace of mind. We are able to do this because of our employees’ commitment and passion. It is who we are. Everything we do at HCSC is guided by a straightforward core purpose:
To do everything in our power to stand with our members in sickness and in health.
Supporting this core purpose are five essential values that drive our decisions each day:
As a customer-owned health insurer, we’re owned by our policyholders, not stockholders. This allows us to focus solely on customer needs and not worry about shareholder expectations.
Since we're not obliged to individual and institutional investors who seek a maximum return on their investments in our company, we are able to approach the critical issues affecting health care financing, access and delivery with a balanced, long-term perspective.
Health Care Reform Public Policy Procurement Electronic Data Interchange Fraud Prevention HIPAA Privacy
Connecting with the right mental health care doctors sooner
Severely ill members gain the comfort of skilled care at home
Working together with doctors for better care
The difference you can make when you're all for health.
Our living proof stories show how members like you achieve better health when we focus on improving the quality of care.
All these things are important, and they are why we are working with your doctors to define and deliver a better health care experience for you.
Together we're establishing new standards for cancer care for western Pennsylvania. Not only will these new standards help control costs, they will also improve the care you receive if you need cancer treatment.
Through a review of clinical claims data, the program identifies and contacts members with complex health situations who may benefit from behavioral health care. Their PCPs are also contacted so they can be more proactive with their patients' care.
Because mental health counselors can review details about the member's needs online, during the referral process, they know if they're a good match. Both in-person and tele-psychiatry are offered.
Members with a serious illness can get care amid the comforts of family and home, rather than at a hospital.
Compassionate, skilled home health staff help these members manage pain, sickness and other symptoms, communicate with family members, prevent a crisis, and plan for advanced care and emergencies.
People with pain need the right levels of medicine to relieve their pain, stay safe and heal faster. We give doctors data about the most appropriate prescriptions, and alternatives to medication, so members get the treatment they need, and gain as much pain relief and daily functioning as possible. They are also more likely to avoid addiction or misuse from poorly supervised drug therapy.
When doctors and health plans work together, we can agree on guidelines for specific treatments, so each patient gets a better outcome. We even collaborate on health plan designs, so that coverage makes sense for doctors and their patients.
Health care shouldn't be a hassle. When we set these guidelines together, doctors are free to make medical decisions without interference from procedures like prior authorizations. So you can put your trust in your doctor to care for you.
Meanwhile, we will work with your care team to make sure that the guidelines we create together will give you the best possible outcome.
We are even changing the way we pay primary care doctors for the care they deliver. Rather than paying them for individual services, which might not actually lead to better health for you, we developed a program to reward primary care physicians for actual health outcomes.
The goal is to give you access to top quality care by emphasizing the value of care delivered to you and rewarding PCPs who maintain high standards.
Times change, and so should preventive guidelines. We'll make sure that you know exactly what you need to do to stay healthy. Doctors in your community help us to update our preventive guidelines, making sure that:
Members living better as we work every day to improve quality, efficiency, safety, convenience and coverage of care. #LivingProof
Members have a team that connects them with the specific services they need for better health.
Members can use top primary care doctors and specialists, such as those with Allegheny Health Network and other in-network community hospitals.
Members get care closer to home through our support of needed facilities and programs.
Preventive care, health coaches, outreach nurses and more — our members can stay healthy with access to these important programs.
HIP Health Insurance Quotes are available in the following states
HIP Health Plan of New York is the largest HMO in New York City, based on membership. HIP provides access to physician services and hospital care in a variety of ways. They contract with more than 160 hospitals, including major acute care institutions, in New York, Connecticut and Massachusetts to provide member services.
Their members have access to HIP-contracted doctors practicing in large multi-specialty outpatient medical centers and outpatient medical centers associated with some of New York's leading hospitals, including Beth Israel Medical Center, St. Luke's-Roosevelt Hospital Center, St. Barnabas Hospital, Lenox Hill Hospital and Montefiore Medical Center, as well as private physicians practicing in their own offices.
HIP's total network of physicians and other providers, including the networks of their subsidiaries, comprises approximately 43,000 physicians and other providers in over 72,000 locations in New York, Connecticut and Massachusetts. HIP acquired ConnectiCare, one of the largest health plans in Connecticut, in 2005, and Vytra Health Plans in 2001. Their total membership is approximately 1.4 million.
HIP Prime is a plan with extensive HMO coverage from an expanding network of participating providers. HIP Prime plans have low premiums, access to thousands of participating doctors and specialists, and value added services available at discounted rates.
HIPaccess is a referral-free health plan with benefits beyond traditional HMO plans. Members get a choice of over 25,000 doctors and specialists in more than 40,000 locations as well as access to most of New Yorkâ€™s top hospitals and medical groups. There are no deductibles or coinsurance and 100% coverage after copay for most in-network services.
HIP Classic offers quality care and affordable coverage for small groups. It has a tiered rate structure that allows you to choose the one that best matches your organizationâ€™s needs. The network features multispecialty physician group practices and medical groups associated with New Yorkâ€™s top hospitals. Copays are as low as $15 for primary care physicians and 100% coverage after copay for most in-network services.
And when should you consider Short Term Health Insurance?
How much does short term health insurance Cost?
Why get short term health insurance at Health Plan One?
Short term health insurance provides comprehensive health insurance coverage and guards against the outrageous costs of unexpected medical bills. Short Term Health Insurance can give you piece of mind. Many plans cover physician services, prescriptions, X-ray, laboratory services, inpatient hospital stays, inpatient and outpatient surgeries, skilled nursing facility care and rehabilitation up to a lifetime maximum of $2 million. A major benefit of short term health insurance is it covers a wide variety of needs, from 30 to 365 days (depending on state of residency), and it allows you to use your own doctors and hospitals.
There are numerous reasons why you should consider a short term health insurance plan. If you are between jobs, waiting for employer group coverage, laid off, on strike, a recent college graduate, seasonal employee, early retiree, unable to pay for your COBRA plan, or are waiting for Medicare to start, you may be interested in a Short Term Health Insurance.
One unexpected illness, accident, or injury could cause you to lose years of savingsâ€”even lead to bankruptcy. Don't go without insurance and take a chance on you or your family's health -- Get Short Term Health Insurance Coverage in the Interim.
Short Term Health Insurance plans vary depending on the state you live in. One of the major appeals of a short-term policy is its low premiums. To find out more about a short term health insurance or receive an online quote enter your zip code above.
Enter your zip code in the box at the top of the page to get an affordable short term health insurance quote, or click on the Assurant Logo below.
HealthPlanOne has analyzed many Short Term Health Insurance Plans and has determined that the plans offered below deliver good value at an affordable price.
Medicare is health insurance for people age 65 or older, people with certain disabilities under the age of 65 and people of any age with End-Stage Renal Disease. Medicare is broken down into 4 parts: Part A, Part B, Part C, and Part D.
Part A: available premium free for all eligible individuals. Part A covers costs associated with inpatient hospital stays, skilled nursing facility stays, home health care, psychiatric inpatient care, and hospice care. Part A is run by the federal government.
Part B: is the medical insurance portion of Medicare. Part B is financed through monthly premiums paid by enrollees. Part B covers physician and surgeon fees, outpatient services, blood service, ambulance service, clinical laboratory services, and more.
Part C: Part C, or Medicare Advantage, is an optional policy beneficiaries can enroll in. Medicare Advantage plans are offered by a private company that contracts with Medicare to provide you with all your Medicare Part A and Part B benefits. Part C is an alternative to Part A and Part B and in order to enroll in a Medicare Advantage Plan, you must be entitled to Part A and enrolled in Part B. Part C offers extra benefits that Part A and Part B do not cover.
Part D: Part D is Medicare prescription drug coverage. Part D plans are offered by insurance companies and other private companies approved by Medicare. Medicare prescription drug coverage provides protection for people who have very high drug costs or from unexpected prescription drug bills in the future.
When should you consider Student Health Insurance?
Why get student health insurance at HealthPlanOne?
Student Health Insurance Plan - Student Select
At HealthPlanOne, we can provide you a fast and easy quote process. We are proud to offer Student Health Insurance from Assurant Health.
Students and parents might not be aware of important facts when considering student health insurance.
Assurant and HealthPlanOne can help bridge the gap for students who are in need of health insurance. For more information about student health insurance, read Assurant's commonly asked questions. HealthPlanOne also provides a variety of recent news topics and industry information as well as helpful articles. Check out our article on choosing the right plan for children and students.
Student Select is the most popular student health insurance plan offered through Assurant and HealthPlanOne. Student Select Health Insurance is an affordable health insurance plan that covers against unexpected illnesses or accidents, high hospital costs as well as everyday doctor visits. It is important to understand that Student Select Health Insurance is not designed to pay for injuries and illnesses that exist at the time a customer's policy becomes effective. Additionally, prescription drugs are not covered. Below are details on Student Select plan benefits.
Assurant Health has been in business since 1892 and is the brand name for products underwritten and issued by Time Insurance Company, John Alden Life Insurance Company and Union Security Insurance Company. Primary products include individual medical, small group, short term and student health insurance products, as well as non-insurance products and consumer-choice products such as Health Savings Accounts and Health Reimbursement Arrangements. With almost 3,000 employees, Assurant Health is headquartered in Milwaukee, Wis., and has operations offices in Minnesota, Idaho and Florida, as well as sales offices across the country.
You may qualify for free health coverage for you and your family or qualify for help covering the cost of health care depending on your age, location, how your income compares to the Federal Poverty Level, and your family household size.
To see if you qualify for financial assistance, you can use our free subsidy calculator.
Free or low-cost insurance for uninsured children and low-cost coverage for uninsured adults is made available by Independence Blue Cross.
Site Map Anti-Fraud Privacy Policy Legal Carrier Data Sets Rate Increase Justification
Looking for health insurance for yourself or your entire family? Look no further. Independence Blue Cross has a variety of individual health plans to fit your needs.
Already an Independence Blue Cross member? Visit Member Resources.
Looking for a provider or formulary drug?
Enroll in a Medicare plan for 2017 Learn More
Making the right decisions about your Medicare options is easier when you have all the facts.
Independence Blue Cross Medicare coverage gives you access to one of the largest provider networks in Southeastern Pennsylvania.
With several plans to choose from, it's easy to find the ones that work for you. Learn more about our Medicare Advantage, MedigapSecurity, and Medicare Supplement plans.
Our virtual assistant will help you find what you need, and fast! Just start typing your question and off you go!
Independence complies with applicable Federal civil rights laws and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, age, disability, or sex. Independence does not exclude people or treat them differently because of race, color, national origin, age, disability, or sex. For more information on this and how to request language assistance services, click here.
Español 官话/官話广东话 Tagalog Français Tiếng Việt Deutsche 한국어 ру́сский язы́к العَرَبِيَّة मानक हिन्दी Italiano Português Kreyòl Język Polski 日本語 Pennsylvania Deitsch
Independence Blue Cross offers Medicare Advantage plans with a Medicare contract. Enrollment in Independence Medicare Advantage plans depends on contract renewal.
This information is not a complete description of benefits. Contact the plan for more information. Limitations, copayments, and restrictions may apply. Benefits, formulary, premium and/or copayments/coinsurance may change on January 1 of each year. The formulary, pharmacy network, and/or provider network may change at any time. You will receive notice when necessary.
Medicare evaluates plans based on a 5-Star rating system. Star Ratings are calculated each year and may change from one year to the next.
SilverSneakers is a registered mark of Healthways, Inc., an independent company.
TruHearing® is a registered trademark of TruHearing, Inc., an independent company.
FutureScripts® is an independent company that provides pharmacy benefit management services.
Whether you’re traveling for business or pleasure, we make available medical and trip protection plans that can give you peace of mind while you travel.
You’re at the Center of Everything We Do
GeoBlue health plans provide medical coverage when you travel outside of the United States. You will have access to:
A Robust, Diversified Portfolio of Products and Services
GeoBlue health plans are offered in cooperation with many Blue Cross® and Blue Shield® companies, including Independence Blue Cross. And you don’t have to be currently enrolled in an Independence Blue Cross medical plan to purchase a GeoBlue plan.
Best of Both Worlds: The Power of Blue, the Promise of Innovation
TripProtector plans from HTH Travel Insurance provide coverage for unexpected cancellations, lost baggage, and other situations that may put your vacation investments at risk. You can choose from three different plans, covering trip cancellations, lost baggage, and much more that work best with the vacation you’ve planned.
A Global Perspective With a Community Focus
If you’re planning full-time international study or research, the U.S. Students Abroad plan from HTH Travel Insurance provides coverage for medical services and some travel expenses in the event you may need to see a doctor, receive care at a hospital, need to have a prescription filled, or for other medical needs. Students also get access to HTH Global Health and Safety Services for news, health, and security information about your destination.
Serving more than 8.5 million people in 25 states and Washington, D.C., including more than 2.5 million in the region, Independence Health Group is the leading health insurance company in the Philadelphia region, and we’re expanding across the country. Our mission to build healthier lives for you, your family, and your employees shapes our actions and decisions every day.
At Independence, we see each of our members as an individual, with unique needs and concerns. We’re dedicated to harnessing the very latest ideas and technologies to deliver access to care that meets those needs and surpasses your expectations.
At the heart of our business is our Human-Centered InnovationSM Program — an intensive and innovative use of resources to focus on people and their health as we change the way health care is experienced. It’s reflected not only in our many affordable health plans and problem-solving services tailored to the needs of real people, but also in the way we partner with best-in-class organizations and thought leaders to predict and prevent illness, and in our cutting-edge use of data analytics to help keep you healthier. It’s visible in our support and mentorship of the most promising young health care companies and our bold new models of care, which reward physicians and hospitals for keeping you well.
We’re revolutionizing health care, and our focus is on you.
Our vision for a healthier America drives us to create new products and services that fit the way you live. Our portfolio includes coverage for national businesses, large employer groups, and small businesses; portable benefits for when you travel or live abroad; Medicare supplemental and Medicare Advantage products; Medicaid; and specialty services such as vision and dental coverage.
In addition, our subsidiaries provide specialty services and products including third-party benefits administration, pharmacy benefits management services, and workers' compensation insurance. Our national health business includes administration of self-funded groups, network access arrangements, claims processing, and other services on behalf of the 37 other independent Blue Cross and Blue Shield plans across the nation.
For nearly 80 years, as a licensee of the Blue Cross Blue Shield Association, we’ve provided families with the security and stability that comes with a Blue Card — the powerful assurance that high-quality, compassionate care is at your fingertips. We’ve always been at the forefront of leading change that improves health, and today, more than ever, we’re recognized and trusted not just for the quality and security we provide, but also as an industry leader and innovator with the ideas, influence, and resources to change health care for the better. It’s a winning combination designed to improve health care — and your health.
As we expand nationally, our philosophy of giving back to the community and our commitment to Philadelphia and our five-county region has never been stronger. We’re strengthening the initiatives that we’ve lovingly built over the years — including community fitness events like the Blue Cross Broad Street Run and the many successful charitable programs of our Independence Blue Cross Foundation — and creating innovative new ways to engage our neighbors and improve their health.
Improving the health and well-being of our members, employees, and the community is the driving force behind everything we do. This video highlights our various health and well-being events and offerings, as well as the awards and accolades our company has received. From our products to our services to our corporate events, every day we’re empowering people to live well.
Learn more about Independence Blue Cross. Connect with us on Facebook and on Twitter. Independence Blue Cross is an independent licensee of the Blue Cross and Blue Shield Association.
At the heart of our business are the reasons behind what we do day-in and day-out. In addition to managing the healthcare of our members, we also manage our economic, social and environmental impacts, as well as our relationships in the workplace, the marketplace, the delivery chain, the community, the industry and the public policy realm.
Through our charitable foundation efforts we are making a difference with our support to non-profits in our area. And helping those groups, helps our community at large.
Being a good corporate citizen means investing in the communities where we live and work.
Our company as a whole works together to provide the best possible care to our members and the communities in which we live.
Being green is how we work day in and day out. From the building we work in to our recycling efforts, we don’t just care about serving people, but also the environment as a whole.
Founded as a single health plan in 1984, Centene Corporation (Centene) has established itself as a national leader in the healthcare services field. Today, through a comprehensive portfolio of innovative solutions, we remain deeply committed to delivering results for our stakeholders: state governments, members, providers, uninsured individuals and families, and other healthcare and commercial organizations.
We’re expanding our global headquarters in Clayton, Mo. Learn more about the project here.
Centene Corporation and its programs have garnered national recognition for innovation, comprehensiveness and improved outcomes. Below highlights just a few recent awards.
Centene Corporation, a Fortune 500 company, is a diversified, multi-national healthcare enterprise that provides a portfolio of services to government-sponsored healthcare programs, focusing on under-insured and uninsured individuals. Many receive benefits provided under Medicaid, including the State Children’s Health Insurance Program (CHIP), as well as Aged, Blind or Disabled (ABD), Foster Care and Long Term Care (LTC), in addition to other state-sponsored/hybrid programs and Medicare (Special Needs Plans). The Company operates local health plans and offers a range of health insurance solutions. It also contracts with other healthcare and commercial organizations to provide specialty services including behavioral health management, care management software, correctional healthcare services, dental benefits management, in-home health services, life and health management, managed vision, pharmacy benefits management, specialty pharmacy and telehealth services.
Centene’s core philosophy is that quality healthcare is best delivered locally. Our local approach enables us to provide accessible, high quality and culturally sensitive healthcare services to our members. Our managed care model utilizes integrated programs that can only be delivered effectively by a local staff, resulting in meaningful job creation within the communities we serve.
Insurance protects your company's buildings, equipment, vehicles, inventory and more. A health insurance plan from Blue Cross Blue Shield of Michigan or Blue Care Network protects your most important business asset: your employees.
We have a range of plans to fit your business that balance health benefits with budget. And no matter whether you're a small or large business, you get the benefits of:
You can get started by looking at our small group plans which are listed on this page. We also have plans for large groups. Need help figuring out your group size or full-time equivalent employees? See "How do I know if my business is a small or large group?" Have other questions? Contact us.
Want comprehensive benefits and the lowest out-of-pocket costs? These plans make it simple.
State and Federal Privacy laws prohibit unauthorized access to Member's private information. Individuals attempting unauthorized access will be prosecuted.
How do deductibles, coinsurance and copays work?
Need help finding the right phone number?
This information will help you if you're shopping for health insurance and have questions about how it works.
When both you and your health insurance company pay part of your medical expense, it’s called cost sharing. Deductibles, coinsurance and copays are all examples. Understanding how they work will help you know when and how much you have to pay for care.
Let's say your plan's deductible is $1,500. That means for most services, you'll pay 100 percent of your medical and pharmacy bills until the amount you pay reaches $1,500. After that, you share the cost with your plan by paying coinsurance and copays.
Here's how it works. Lisa has allergies, so she sees a doctor regularly. She just paid her $1,500 deductible. Now her plan will cover 70 percent of the cost of her allergy shots. Lisa pays the other 30 percent; that's her coinsurance. If her treatment costs $150, her plan will pay $105 and she'll pay $45.
If Lisa has a PPO plan, she has the option to see any doctor she wants. If she goes to an out-of-network doctor, her plan will still share the cost, but her percentage of coinsurance will be higher. And, if the medical service she gets is more than what her plan would pay for an in-network doctor, she'll have to pay the difference.
Learn more about the difference between in-network and out-of-network benefits.
For example, a doctor’s office visit might have a copay of $30. The copay for an emergency room visit will usually cost more, such as $250. For some services, you may have both a copay and coinsurance.
When choosing a plan, think about how much you use your insurance and how much protection you want against unpredictable expenses. Then look at the plan's deductible, coinsurance and copays and find what works best for you. Here are a few things to consider.
What’s the difference between HMO, PPO and EPO plans?
This information can help you if you're shopping for health insurance and want to learn how HMO, PPO and EPO plans are different.
When you’re shopping for health insurance, you have a lot of options to choose from.
Knowing the differences between plans can help you choose the one that’s right for your health care needs and budget.
As you look at plans, you may notice that some plans are HMOs, some are PPOs, and some are EPOs, but what does that mean?
All these plans use a network of physicians, hospitals and other health care professionals to give you the highest quality care. The difference between them is the way you interact with those networks.
With an HMO plan, you pick one primary care physician. All your health care services go through that doctor. That means that you need a referral before you can see any other health care professional, except in an emergency. Visits to health care professionals outside of your network typically aren’t covered by your insurance.
For example, if you get a skin rash, you wouldn’t go straight to a dermatologist. You would first go to your primary care physician, who‘d examine you. If your primary care physician can’t help you, he or she will give you a referral to a trusted dermatologist in your network that will.
One exception to this is that women don’t need a referral to see an obstetrician/gynecologist, or OB/GYN, in their network for routine services such as Pap tests, annual well-woman visits and obstetrical care.
Coordinating all your health care through your primary care physician means less paperwork and lower health care costs for everyone.
PPO plans give you flexibility. You don’t need a primary care physician. You can go to any health care professional you want without a referral—inside or outside of your network.
Staying inside your network means smaller copays and full coverage. If you choose to go outside your network, you'll have higher out-of-pocket costs, and not all services may be covered.
EPO plans combine the flexibility of PPO plans with the cost-savings of HMO plans. You won't need to choose a primary care physician, and you don't need referrals to see a specialist.
But you'll have a limited network of doctors and hospitals to choose from. And EPO plans don't cover care outside your network unless it's an emergency.
It's important to know who participates in your EPO plan's network. If you go to a doctor or hospital that doesn't accept your plan, you'll pay all costs.
If you prefer to have your care coordinated through a single doctor, an HMO plan might be right for you. If you want greater flexibility or if you see a lot of specialists, a PPO plan might be what you’re looking for. And if you're interested in saving money by using a smaller network of doctors and hospitals, an EPO plan might be a good fit.
For more information on HMO, PPO or EPO plans, check out our available individual and family plans.
Which Medicare choice is right for you
Are you new to Medicare? Worried about making the right choice? We’ll help you find what’s best for you. Whatever you decide, you’ll be protected by trusted names in health care coverage: Blue Cross Blue Shield of Michigan and Blue Care Network.
Medicare is a health insurance program run by the government for people age 65 and older, and for people under 65 with certain disabilities. Understanding more about Medicare will make it easier to choose the right plan. Our Medicare 101 section has resources to help you do that.
Want convenience and all-in-one coverage? After you enroll in Original Medicare Part A and Part B, your Medicare Advantage plan acts as your health coverage. When you need care, give your health care provider your Blue Cross ID card and we do the rest.
Medicare Advantage plans cover the same services as Original Medicare. Most include additional benefits you don't get with Original Medicare and Medigap plans, like Part D prescription drugs and dental and eye exams. Your expenses are capped with an annual out-of-pocket maximum.
Keep in mind Medicare Advantage plans have a network. You should go to providers in your plan's network for the lowest costs and to make sure your care is covered.
Your health coverage is administered through the U.S. government. It only covers basic hospital and medical expenses.
These plans work with Original Medicare to cover your out-of-pocket costs and expand limits and benefits.
Most people will need a Part D plan if it's not included in your other Medicare coverage.
Maybe you're turning 65 soon. Or you need to help someone you love with Medicare. We have information that'll make you smarter about Medicare, so you can make smarter choices.
Need to learn the basics of Medicare? Read articles that explain how it works. Wondering what to do when? Our chart has all the important dates in one place. Want help choosing a plan? We have that info too.
Our Medicare Advantage plans cover everything Original Medicare does. They also give you benefits beyond Original Medicare. We've listed some examples on the right. Be sure to look for them when you're shopping so you get the coverage you need.
Your health plan helps cover your medical costs if you're sick or in an accident. But what about the other costs? What if you need help with things like lost wages or living expenses while you recover?
Specialty Benefit plans from LifeSecure Insurance Company and Assurity Life Insurance Company can help. Pair them with your Blue Cross medical plan to extend your coverage and protect your finances.
Get peace of mind with a life insurance plan from Assurity. Extending your coverage can help protect your loved ones' financial future. The benefits can help pay for things like personal debts, medical bills and funeral expenses.
Policy form number I L0760 underwritten by Assurity Life Insurance Company, Lincoln, Nebraska. Product availability, rates and features may vary by state.
How to get the most value from your coverage
Have questions about how health insurance works? You've come to the right place. We've covered the basics of health insurance for you below. We explain the differences between deductibles, coinsurance and copays, in-network and out-of-network benefits, HMO and PPO plans and more.
Figuring out your share of the cost for health care can be confusing. Find out what you pay and what your health insurance pays.
Knowing about your plan's network is important. It affects which doctors you can see and how much you pay for care. Learn more about our networks below.
Health insurance is a big expense. Learn how to keep your costs manageable, and how to use your coverage to the fullest.
Bupa Worldwide Health Options is Bupa's menu-driven plan for individuals and families. It allows you to build cover that matches your situation and gives you quick access to private treatment whenever you need it. You start with our core benefit (Worldwide Medical Insurance) and simply add whatever other modules you like, from those available.
These can be anything from additional out-patient benefits and health assessments, to cover for worldwide medicines and evacuation. Or you might also want to consider our USA cover option. There is something for everyone. The flexibility isn't restricted to the product features and modules-there are plenty of ways to reduce subscriptions too.
For example, Bupa have included excess options (known as deductibles) that will help reduce subscriptions in return for you making partial payment
What insurance plan do you need? We offer expats and locals a wide variety of insurance products..
Protection from financial costs of suffering an injury, accident, or illness.
Protecting your family is no light matter, and our advisers do their best to give you only the best options.
Soon-to-be Mothers are benefiting from Maternity Coverage that can be added to some insurance plans.
With numerous options available for dental plans, you may want help finding the best deal.
Make sure your short term trip is covered so there’s no need to come home early.
Protect your business and your employees with plans that work for businesses of all sizes.
For insurance to protect just about everything that's important in your life.
Singapore Health Insurance Intermediary Pacific Prime. Medical Insurance for expats in Singapore and beyond. Find out more about us!
Pacific Prime Insurance Brokers Singapore Pte. Ltd. is a registered insurance broker in Singapore offering expert advice on a wide range of health and medical insurance plans.
As part of an international group with offices in Hong Kong, Singapore, Dubai and Shanghai, we are able to consistently offer our customers the best service, backed by more than a decade of experience developing innovative health insurance solutions for our clients.
Our dynamic, world class team based here in our Singapore office can offer advice in 15 different languages and is always ready to go the extra mile, making sure customers of Pacific Prime have the best possible support and advice. From initial consultation to claims support and renewal, our team is dedicated to serving our customers with integrity and excellence. Our local office is conveniently located in the heart of the CBD and our advisors are available daily for meetings.
As a registered broker, Pacific Prime Singapore is committed to finding the best solutions for their clients and offering the best advice.
Pacific Prime has cultivated strong business relationships with the world's leading insurers in order to offer our customers the best possible health insurance solutions.
Pacific Prime Singapore has a strong team of Singapore-based health insurance experts who employ an unparalleled depth of experience to deliver our customers health insurance advice they can rely on. From finding the right plan to ensuring that the renewals process is painless, our team of advisors are here to help.
Find out more here abou the team behind the scenes at Pacific Prime Singapore. This page includes a list of the departments in our office, and the roles of the people in them.
Pacific Prime Singapore advises on the best ways to secure medical insurance, along with cover for things like cars, homes, and businesses.
We demonstrate how each insurance plan is specifically designed to cover a specialised area. Organising each policy into more manageable sections for you to do an initial selection.
Providing our powerful free quotation tool along with expert advice are the foundations for finding expatriates and local residents here in Singapore a comprehensive medical insurance solution.
Through our range of private medical insurance plans, we are also able to provide medical insurance coverage customized to meet very specific requirements (Top-up plans, SME's, Business Insurance, etc.).
Mandatory malpractice insurance could be coming for Singapore
Fighting childhood obesity in SG: Healthier meals now offered in schools
Healthy ageing: looking after yourself in your 50s
Orthodontics in Singapore and your dental insurance
What you need to know about allergies in Singapore
Fitness trackers and step goals: is hitting the target enough?
Electronic medical records to bring innovation boost to Singapore healthcare
Continuation plans for employees wanting to transfer their coverage
Pacific Prime giving free report access for Insurance Survey 2017 participants
Informative articles covering insurance in Singapore and beyond
The impact of malpractice insurance on the cost of healthcare
Mandatory insurance for doctors: what it means for Singaporean healthcare
Childhood obesity: A growing concern in Singapore
Common health concerns for those over 50
Tips for healthy ageing in your fifties and onwards
Get checked and tested as often as you need to
How much does orthodontic work cost in Singapore?
Is orthodontics in Singapore covered by Medishield?
Fitness and fashion: the rise of wearable tech
Do steps matter? Why meeting your goal might not be enough
What other benefits could I see from my fitness trackers?
Securing insurance in Singapore through Pacific Prime
What benefits do electronic medical records bring?
Will these electronic medical records bring changes to health insurance?
What to look out for when transferring an employer-provided policy
Getting a continuation plan before you leave your employer
Transferring coverage or getting a new plan: what’s the best option?
What is the 2017 Pacific Prime Insurance Survey about?
What’s in the survey, and how do I participate?
What do I get out of completing the survey?
Things that go wrong in the medical profession can often lead to some really major corrections. Doctors take their responsibility for people’s lives very seriously, but they aren’t immune to making mistakes from time to time. What malpractice insurance protects doctors from is the financial obligations that arise from having a lawsuit brought against them by patients. Such insurance covers both the costs of going to court over malpractice, but also any reimbursement ordered by the courts should they find in favor of the patient.
Consider the case of a patient who sued his private-sector surgeon after something went wrong during bariatric surgery. The weeks of corrective operations and treatments came to a final bill of SGD 500,000, something the patient sought from the operating surgeon through a lawsuit. The case was settled for a sum of SGD 200,000 (paid in one SGD 100,000 lump sum and a 3,000 per month arrangement after) and a public apology. Why wasn’t the patient successful in seeking the full amount? The surgeon lacked the money to pay and didn’t hold insurance.
The problem for the doctor and the patient, in this case, is that malpractice insurance is not required to practice. Not by Singaporean law, nor by any SMC conditions. However, the Council admits that current legislation arrangements do allow for them to make insurance mandatory of their members should they wish to institute such a regulation. While most Singaporean doctors do indeed hold insurance for their own peace of mind, cases such as the one mentioned are leading the SMC and Ministry to consider their options.
No matter which way you look at it, malpractice in the medical profession impacts the cost of healthcare. In 2012, medical malpractice payouts in the US reached a whopping USD 3 billion, something Texas A&M University’s Corpus Christi campus says affects patients across the country. Physicians and medical experts have argued that malpractice claims lead to escalating health costs, as hospitals, staff, and insurance companies are increasingly sued for liabilities reaching into the millions of dollars and higher.
These costs, as well as increasing malpractice insurance premiums for doctors, all trickle down in some way to the bills that patients can rack up after receiving treatment. A hospital saddled with a large malpractice settlement for patient may look to recoup the costs by increasing healthcare and treatment prices for others. As discussed in our annual International Private Medical Insurance Inflation – 2017 report, higher costs for doctors and hospitals often mean higher costs for insurers and the insured.
The flipside, however, is that doctors who don’t have adequate insurance also put financial pressure on the health system. This can be from lumping extra, unnecessary treatment costs onto patients to potentially leaving hospitals themselves to foot the bill when neither a patient nor doctor can pay for corrective operations. In the same Texas A&M article, the university also mentions how doctors may engage in “defensive medicine”, which is overusing costly tests and diagnostics in order to avoid potentially litigious outcomes in medical care.
At this stage, the SCM and Ministry of Health are only considering what a Singapore with mandatory malpractice insurance for doctors might mean. The country is highly regarded for having an efficient and innovative healthcare system, so a move to roll out a mandatory insurance policy is likely to be well planned and thought-out. That said, it’s also likely that requiring such insurance coverage from doctors will indeed impact the cost of healthcare in Singapore, as well as the cost of insurance.
With the way malpractice incidents put financial strain on the doctors and hospitals who are required to meet them, the more appropriate questions might be: just how will doctor errors cost Singaporean citizens and residents in the future? Will costs be through passed via doctors’ insurance costs, or via trickled down hospital price increases? Whatever the method, any pressure on healthcare prices will inevitably end up hitting the wallets of the end users of health services. In order to financially secure your ability to afford care, it’s worth considering health insurance.
In our newest Cost of International Health Insurance – 2017 report, Singapore has already surpassed China to become the second most expensive country for insurance in Asia (more on this report next week). If mandatory malpractice insurance kicks in for Singaporean doctors, it means that the already expensive region will likely see some upward pressure with regards to medical and insurance prices. The way to find the best deals on health insurance is to use an expert broker like Pacific Prime Singapore.
Our team of expert consultants have been providing clients with the sort of health coverage they need, for a price that works within their budget. When it comes to doctor malpractice, having health insurance provides more than just financial protection. As well as covering any costs of corrective procedures following doctor error, insurance companies themselves will usually take action against a doctor or hospital to recover the costs attributed to your care; meaning you’re free to recover while they undertake all the legal proceedings.
For a free quote or some friendly advice, contact the team at Pacific Prime Singapore today.
Mainstream schools in Singapore will now be serving healthier meal options, as part of a wider initiative to encourage better eating habits and fight rising childhood obesity rates in the city-state, which have increased from 10 percent in 2010 to 12 percent in 2016. Announced on 17 July in a press release by the Ministry of Health (MOH) and Ministry of Education (MOE), under the Healthy Meals in Schools Programme (HMSP) canteen stall operators at schools must now follow a set of food service guidelines to curb consumption of food and beverages high in sugar, fat, and salt content.
The HMSP came from recommendations by NurtureSG, an inter-agency task force led by the Minister of State for Health Dr. Lam Pin Min and Minister of State for Education Dr. Janil Puthucheary to enhance health outcomes among children and youth. Today, our article looks at childhood obesity in Singapore, and uncovers everything you need to know about the new Healthy Meals in Schools Programme.
While hereditary and cultural factors certainly do have a part to play in making children more susceptible to developing obesity, lifestyle habits also play a very significant role in Singapore’s rising childhood obesity rates. 30% of children in Singapore are categorized as being overweight, and while many Western countries have relatively higher rates of overweight children (e.g. in the US, where it is around 50%), the gap between Singapore and other Western countries is slowly narrowing.
What’s more, children with obesity are also more likely to be obese as adults. For instance, children who become obese at 2 years of age have a 50% chance of being obese as adults. Those who develop obesity during their teenage years have a 70% chance of being obese as adults. These alarming figures all point to the need for children to start developing healthy lifestyle habits at a young age.
Under the HMSP, canteen vendors at schools must now serve healthier food options to kids, and will need to observe the following guidelines (to read it in full, click here):
Under the scheme, canteen stall operators were also trained by nutritionists and chefs on healthier cooking methods, like baking and grilling. At certain schools, students can pay around 10 to 30 cents more for the cost of healthier ingredients and extra fruit portions with their meals.
Besides addressing the issue of poor diet choices and the rise in childhood obesity rates, in 2017 a number of other initiatives were rolled out to address various other youth health-related focus areas, including physical activity, mental health, and adequate sleep.
For instance, to encourage children to exercise, the Health Promotion Board (HPB) launched its pilot Active and Healthy Weekends programme between January and April this year, where over 2,200 parents and children participated in its family fitness activities held at various community sites. To address mental health, the HPB and MOE have started providing mental health training courses to school educators. The HPB also launched a microsite to education parents about the importance of adequate sleep in children.
Getting older is a beautiful thing and taking care of your health is key to enjoying your later years to the fullest. We all know that part of the ageing process is noticing changes in your body. What many may not have considered is what lifestyle adjustments you might need to make to when that time comes. As Singaporeans are getting older, this week Pacific Prime Singapore discusses the ins and outs of your golden years and tips for healthy ageing.
When you’re in your teens, acne may have been a particularly frustrating change for your body. You might have felt invincible in your twenties, before your thirties had you feeling a little softer around the edges. By our forties, we’re starting to notice a bit more of the wear and tear in our bodies; the wobbly knee from years of tennis, the bad back from carrying around young children. When you hit your fifties, there are a number of health risks and concerns that become greater than before:
There’s no super secret cheat trick to maintaining a healthy life; a lot of these tips are ones that are applicable throughout your journey through life. However, if you haven’t considered these much before and your fifties are around the corner, it’s probably a good idea to think about them now.
As you get older, your metabolism slows and so will your dietary intake needs. Reducing your daily caloric intake whilst boosting your nutrient-rich foods can be a great way to adjust your eating for a healthier life. Whole grains, fruits, and vegetables, as well as low-fat dairy products and fish are all options that can help with healthy ageing; reducing your risk of high blood pressure and heart disease.
When you were in your child-rearing years, it may have been tough finding time to exercise. Those that did exercise may have reduced the intensity of their workouts to conserve energy for parenting. With your kids now out of the house, there’s no excuse for not spending your extra time getting active. Getting at least 30 to 60 minutes of decent exercise on most days of the week can help fight osteoporosis and compound the health benefits of eating well.
You’re no longer like you were in your twenties, so it’s unlikely that you’ll maintain your body eating whatever you want and lazing around most days. In your fifties, gaining weight will happen much easier; especially for women going through menopause. A healthy weight in your golden years will help keep you from developing nasty diseases like diabetes.
If you haven’t quit smoking yet, your fifties is definitely time for you to do so. We know smoking isn’t easy to ditch, but if you’re smoking in your golden years it’s likely that you’ve smoked for a long time. Just because you might have had the habit for ten or more years doesn’t mean you won’t be healthier for quitting. Your local GP can help you with smoking cessation if you need the assistance.
You’ve made it through the majority of your working life and, by this time, you’re probably now looking forward to enjoying some of life’s vices uninhibited; it might be chocolate or alcohol or something more. Unfortunately, these guilty pleasures need moderation more than ever in your fifties as the effects can often be much stronger and longer lasting than when you were younger.
It’s true that you can often feel like you need less sleep as you get older, however don’t be confused into thinking that you can run healthily off little sleep. Sometimes not sleeping can be a sign that something isn’t right, so check in with your GP if you feel run down. Stress can also speed up the ageing process, so it’s important to keep your mental health in check. Sleep can affect stress and anxiety levels; don’t ignore your body’s warning signs!
In addition to keeping an eye on your lifestyle, another key to healthy ageing is accepting that you’ll need to have more and regular health checks. Routine examinations for those in their fifties are extremely common these days as people recognize the importance of catching illnesses early. These can include:
The frequency of each test will vary and likely will become more regular as you get older. It’s worth also checking you are current with your immunizations too as your immune system can be weaker in your later years.
The best way to reevaluate your health insurance in contrast with your changing needs is to talk with an experienced insurance broker. Pacific Prime Singapore’s team of expert consultants are well acquainted with ensuring that plans meet the needs of our clients, regardless of the period in life they’re in. We’ve been connecting people with the best health insurance solutions for almost 20 years, and we’re doing it in both Singapore and around the world.
For some helpful advice on healthy ageing, reviewing your healthcare coverage, or simply to get a better deal now that you’re moving into your golden years, contact the fantastic team at Pacific Prime Singapore today!
Over the past half decade or so dental health in Singapore has become increasingly more important to residents in the city. For example, SingHealth reported that in their Financial Year – 2015 they saw a total of just over 383,400 dental related visits to National Dental Singapore related clinics. Up from just over 360,500 the year before. This doesn’t even take into account the number of visits at private clinics. Of these visits, it is certain that a good percentage of them are for orthodontic related work. Here, Pacific Prime Singapore takes a look at orthodontics and your dental insurance in Singapore.
Before we look into the cost and whether orthodontic work is covered by insurance it would first be a good idea to define what exactly orthodontics is. Generally speaking, this is a specialized type of dental care that deals specifically with correcting teeth or jaws that are unaligned.
In the vast majority of cases, orthodontic work is related to the application of braces to align teeth. In other cases, you will see retainers or splints that help to train the jaw to close or realign in a more natural way.
You might remember as a kid having to go see the orthodontist about braces or having a friend wearing those silver rail track-like appliances on their teeth when they were teens. In truth, orthodontic work, while typically done in childhood, can be carried out at any time and can be used to correct things like:
In many cases it might not seem like correcting your teeth is necessary. But, according to the Association of Orthodontists (Singapore) “patients must be aware that an incorrect bite/malocclusion may sometimes compromise dental health and a course of orthodontic treatment can prevent future problems.” Beyond that crooked teeth are harder to keep clean which could lead to increased dental work in the future.
Like all other dental care and medical care for that matter, the cost of orthodontics in Singapore will vary depending on the clinic you go to. In general, there are two options for care:
When it comes to costs, you will find that they can vary depending on not only which clinic you go to but also the type of care you receive. Generally, the most common type of orthodontic care received is braces. According to an article posted in 2014 on the National Dental Center Singapore’s website, “In general the fees for braces range from $3,000 to $4,870 at public institutions and $3,480 to $8,000 at private dental clinics”
At the time this article was written, the Ministry of Health’s dental fee website was not working so more up-to-date fees are not currently available. That said, we have looked at the fees at a number of private clinics. Below are some costs for common orthodontic treatments:
The website TwentyTooth also provides more information on orthodontic related treatment costs.
From the prices above, it is clear that orthodontics in Singapore is not cheap. This can be made even more so should you have more than one child or person in your family who needs to receive treatment.
While Permanent Residents and Citizens in Singapore have access to Medishield which can be used to offset the costs of regular dental treatment, this plan can not be used for orthodontic work. This means that should you need to see an orthodontist you will be paying out of pocket, or need to secure insurance.
Dental insurance is available in Singapore, however, it is rare to impossible to find a stand-alone dental insurance plan. Instead, you will need to secure a health insurance plan with dental cover added onto it.
In general, there are two types of dental insurance coverage available with health insurance plans:
In other words, if you are looking for dental insurance that covers orthodontics you will need to look for a plan that covers major dental. These plans are usually more costly as the care they cover tends to be on the higher end of costs.
When you do start looking for dental insurance it is important to know a few things. Firstly, almost all health plans with dental coverage will include waiting periods of 6 to 12 months for more costly treatment. This time must pass before the insurer will accept claims.
Whether it’s itching, sneezing, or wheezing, most of you are probably familiar with at least one of the burdensome symptoms caused by allergies. Allergies are on the rise worldwide, and Singapore is no stranger to the increasing prevalence of this chronic condition. For instance, one in three Singaporeans suffer from some form of a nasal allergy symptom, e.g. a runny, blocked, or itchy nose.
Allergic reactions can range from more manageable and common symptoms such as itchy eyes or fatigue, to more severe and even life-threatening symptoms such as near-fatal asthma attacks and anaphylactic shock, where the body’s blood pressure suddenly drops and the airways become narrow. With this in mind, the importance of accessing quality medical treatment for our allergies is definitely nothing to sneeze about.
Read on to discover everything you need to know about allergies in Singapore, and whether your health insurance covers this chronic condition.
According to an article by CNBC, the “hygiene hypothesis” may explain why more and more people are developing allergies. This theory postulates that the obsession with cleanliness and hygiene in developed nations has actually meant that children are becoming less and less exposed to infectious agents, which is why their immune systems are mistaking harmless substances as invaders. According to this theory, we’ve essentially created allergies for ourselves.
On the other hand, some scientists believe that global warming is to blame for this rising epidemic. The warmer climate is believed by some to worsen respiratory allergies. As the growing season for plants becomes longer, some scientists argue that this leads to higher pollen and allergen counts.
According to Medical News Today, “Allergies are hypersensitive immune responses to substances that either enter or come in contact with the body, such as pet dander, pollen or bee venom.” These typically innocuous substances are called “allergens”, and when your body comes across it again in the future, it will release “histamines” to counteract it. This reaction is what causes allergy symptoms.
Besides the above allergens, mold, other types of food (e.g. eggs, wheat containing gluten), pet dander, certain medications, and pollen are also common causes of allergies in Singapore.
When your body encounters an allergen, the release of histamine can manifest in our bodies in a number of ways, including:
In extreme cases, people can also develop anaphylaxis, which is more likely to happen to children with food allergies (particularly peanut allergies), and to adults who are allergic to bee stings and certain types of medication. If it’s not treated immediately, it can be fatal.
Before treating your allergy symptoms, your doctor will want to know what’s causing your allergies. Besides looking at your medical history and evaluating your symptoms, they may also use skin or blood tests to identify your allergens.
Typically speaking, the best way to treat your allergy is to avoid your allergens in the first place. For example, if you’re allergic to dust mites, then it’s recommended that you clean your bed sheets often and purchase dust mite proof bedding to achieve the greatest possible reduction in dust mite exposure.
Anti-histamine medications can also help manage your allergies, as it helps block the histamine that’s causing your allergic reaction. If you’ve got a nasal allergy, then administering decongestants, either in an oral or spray form, can help you breathe easier. That being said, this form of treatment can only be used for short periods.
Another method of treatment that has become increasingly popular is allergy shots. This form of treatment involves injecting the substance you are allergic to into your upper arm. The shots, which are first administered once every two to four weeks in the beginning, help your body become “desensitized” to your allergen by exposing it to increasingly higher doses of an allergen.
While there are a number of state of the art facilities offering allergy treatment in Singapore, it can be incredibly expensive to receive the medical care you require for allergic reactions. For instance, the treatment of severe allergic rhinitis resulting in hospitalization can cost up to SGD 8,221 at a private hospital. Additionally, hospital admission for asthma can easily set you back by SGD 9,335. With this in mind, it’s a good idea to ensure that your health insurance plan covers allergy treatment costs.
One thing you’ll need to bear in mind here is that many insurers (but not all) view allergies as a pre-existing condition, which is an ailment or illness that you’ve already had prior to joining your health insurance. If this is the case, you may find yourself ineligible for coverage. That being said, if you were unaware that you had allergies prior to joining your plan, then it is likely that you will be covered. If you have a newborn, it’s recommended that you include your child in your family health insurance plan as early as possible, so that their allergy treatment costs are covered if it develops at a young age.
To learn more about your allergy coverage options, be sure to contact the helpful experts at Pacific Prime Singapore today.
The popularity of wearable tech has been booming in the past few years, becoming as well recognized as smartphone brands. We’ve previously talked about what to look for in a gym membership in Singapore but this week our focus is on fitness trackers. Products like the Apple Watch, Fitbit, and similar smartwatches are helping people to become more active, but are we using them correctly?
Today, Pacific Prime Singapore looks at fitness trackers, step goals, and whether or not reaching your daily step target is enough to improve your health.
Watches have always been highly fashionable accessories for people, with brands like Rolex and TAG Heuer making sleek, luxury analogue wristwatches synonymous with the high-life. Digital watches gained popularity in the 1980s and 1990s for their added features such as stopwatches, countdown timers, and alarms. However, this would only another step in the relationship between wearable fashion and technology.
At a stretch, we might think of the cassette Walkmans of the 1970s and 1980s as wearable tech. Chunky by today’s standards, these revolutionary devices let people carry personalized music around in a way that hadn’t been possible before. Jump past the CD walkman of the 1990s and the recent iPod, and suddenly we’re not just carrying around music, but entire computers with us during our daily routines.
Fitness trackers and smartwatches are the current apex of wearable tech, further adding to the extensive features of what a former fashion accessory can offer wearers. Users have been able to measure their daily steps taken, distance travelled, flights of stairs climbed, heart rate, as well as calories burned, all alongside the convenience of checking the time.
The sales of these devices tells of their popularity. More than 23 million units worldwide has been sold in 2016, with brands like Fitbit, Xiaomi, Garmin, and Apple shipping strong numbers. A far cry from the novelty watch calculators of old, these new, sleek fitness trackers have the active and gym-going market in mind. In fact, a previously male-focused watch market has adapted to brand these products in a more fashionable way to attract the active female market.
There are a number of great benefits for wearing a smartwatch; they’re the reason they’re so popular. At their most basic, fitness trackers do exactly that – monitor your activity. What’s so compelling about these devices, however, is actually in the way they support and motivate a healthy lifestyle:
Fitness trackers are definitely a step in the right direction for many, helping generally sedentary people to lead much more active and healthy lives than before. However, there are some concerned that a focus on “step counting” is giving people a false sense of fitness.
Anyone who has a fitness tracker will relate to this: settling into bed and checking their step count at 10pm, only to find they’re still 600 steps short of their 10,000 daily goal. Next thing you know, they’re up and pacing the house in the pyjamas, trying frantically to march 600 steps around the house before they can comfortably go to sleep.
It might seem funny, but it actually illustrates a key concern of health experts when it comes to fitness trackers. Counting steps is a great way to encourage activity, but what these devices don’t quite measure the intensity of a user’s exercise. Where 10,000 steps around the office is good, it’s still not nearly as effective or efficient as running 10,000 steps.
Why is that? High-intensity exercise is what helps you get fitter. You won’t work your heart rate up, pushing your muscles into a sweat, nor burn nearly as many calories if your 10,000 steps are made walking briskly from desk-to-desk each day. Remember: there are many exercises, such as lifting weights, cycling and rowing, that likely don’t give you any steps to your fitness tracker data, but absolutely will make you more fit.
As an insurance expert, we’ve been seeing a few developments in our industry in relation to fitness trackers and healthier lives for policyholders. Insurers are risk averse businesses and the healthier a person is, the lower their risk of needing healthcare. As a result, we’ve been seeing a growing number of examples of how people might be able to save on their health insurance.
Key examples include discounts for policyholders who meet their fitness tracker goals, company insurance plans that have activity monitoring tied into their corporate wellness plans, and insurers offering gifts and vouchers (such as Amazon gift cards) for using their smartwatches. In fact, major insurer Aetna was reported to have offered their members discounts on Apple watch purchases in order to promote client health.
What we’re also expecting, and we’ve discussed it in our International Private Medical Insurance Inflation – 2017 report released late last year, is that the benefits of fitness trackers adding to the “big data” of the health sector could be huge. Both insurers and other health sector entities (such as hospitals and government departments) could use the data to identify trends that could lead to better treatments and diagnostic tools in future.
We’re still on the lookout for insurers offering perks and benefits to fitness tracker users, however we do still have some of the best value comprehensive plans available in Singapore. Our expert team have been providing quality insurance solutions to individuals and groups in the Lion City for almost 20 years. If you’ve been thinking about buying insurance, or you’re simply looking for a better deal, contact our team at Pacific Prime Singapore today!
Big changes are coming for the Singaporean health system with the government announcing a new plan to give every citizen access to their health records by 2021. The country’s Health IT Master Plan has been set and the sector is hoping that the changes brought by it will put Singapore on track to having one of the most IT-enabled healthcare systems in the world. How will electronic medical records (EMR) help make healthcare cheaper, faster and better for patients?
Chief executive officer of Integrated Health Information Systems (IHiS), Mr Bruce Liang, announced in late May that the government would be making it easier for any doctor to see a patient’s medical history and treatments. Alongside helping avoid adverse drug interactions, storing information to a vast electronic database will also help patients better understand and manage their health themselves.
Many already have access to some of their medical information through the SingPass’s HealthHub portal, but the planned changes look set to allow people to receive complex chronic ailment monitoring in home, make it easier to move from primary to tertiary care throughout the country, as well as giving people the ability to book appointments or schedule specialist home visits using a mobile app.
For the healthcare sector itself, the amassing of health data from patients across the country drives a lot of innovation and efficiency changes. Hospitals and healthcare providers will be able to better identify trends, understand treatment success, and plan for patient care and future sector improvements. Currently, the National Electronic Health Records (NEHR) system doesn’t yet include private sector info, having both sectors will benefit people and the country greatly.
As highlighted in our 2017 report, International Private Medical Insurance Inflation, technological advances and big data are one of the biggest potential drivers for influencing the price of insurance premiums around the world. The report recognizes that the use of technology in the health sector should go some way to creating more efficient processes for healthcare providers and insurers alike.
Already we’re seeing trends globally, just like in Singapore, where insurers, health facilities and governments are beginning to use mobile apps and online portals to make things easier for service providers and users to interact, monitor situations, and generally organize treatments and coverage. With international insurance inflation bumping up to 11.2% in Singapore, anything that can relieve pressure on premium prices would be welcome.
With regards to insurers themselves, the electronic medical records changes may hold both a number of benefits and challenges. The benefits may include shorter turnaround-times for claims, more stable pricing models with the increased knowledge and information the EMRs will bring, as well as stronger ground with which to approve or deny claims in future.
This is not without it’s challenges, however, as there may be some work required of insurers to better align their application documentation processes with what the Singapore Government might require EMR wise. There may also be adjustments to be made to those insurers with online portals should they be required, or simply opt, to provide electronic medical record access through the same service.
How the insurance sector reacts to the government changes remains to be seen but people can be assured that it’s very likely to affect the way insurers and patients interact with each other and the health sector in general.
If you’re new to Singapore and you’re looking for comprehensive insurance coverage in Singapore, or you’ve been here a while and thinking about reevaluating your current coverage, then Pacific Prime Singapore can help. Our expert advisors can ensure that your healthcare coverage can work seamlessly with any new and existing electronic medical records technology in the Lion City.
Leading insurance intermediary Pacific Prime has just been announced as the newest Asia Pacific Region member of the Worldwide Broker Network ™ (WBN), a global network of commercial insurance brokers and employee benefits consultants.
Connecting with more than 100 firms across six continents, Pacific Prime is now in a better position than ever to support its clients with the same high standard of customer service it delivers now. Becoming a WBN member gives the Hong Kong-based intermediary access to a much wider network of leading brokers than before, which will help to support Pacific Prime in providing client-centric solutions.
“Ultimately, it’s about expanding our reach and services for the good of our clients.” says Pacific Prime CEO, Neil Raymond. From its beginnings in Hong Kong, Raymond has grown the company to include 400 staff across seven offices. “The privilege of joining such a comprehensive organization of brokers is one that supports our client-centric focus and we look forward to offering the WBN our 17 years’ experience in the Asia Pacific region.”
WBN Chief Executive, Francie Starnes, has welcomed Pacific Prime’s membership. “Pacific Prime is bolstering the representation of WBN in the Asia region, which is a critical and growing market for our network. We welcome this expansion of client based services to our members, and look forward to adding Pacific Prime’s expertise to the expansive network.”
The WBN boasts local knowledge and experience through its global network, made up exclusively of top quartile firms that are independently owned and managed. It encourages cross-border collaboration and operates under a member-to-member accountability model that promotes quality service whilst still maintaining the independence of its member firms.
Pacific Prime was founded in 1999 by Neil Raymond as an expert P&C and Employee Benefits consultancy. Headquartered in Hong Kong, the company operates from a number of licenses in many countries around Asia and the Middle East, serving more than 500,000 clients with its over 60 insurer relationships.
Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email.
Global Director of Corporate Accounts at Pacific Prime, Pierre de Mirman, will be the primary contact for all Employee Benefits and Property & Casualty opportunities. Working with the WBN to meet membership standards, de Mirman says his team are keen to utilize the benefits of the Network to widen Pacific Prime’s insurance solution capabilities for its corporate clients.
Handing in your notice at work means leaving a number of things behind, but your employer-provided health insurance policy doesn’t need to be one of them. A continuation plan can help you maintain medical coverage, even when you’re no longer employed by the original policyholder. There are a number of things to consider, however, so it’s worth knowing what your options are before you sign a contract.
When you leave an employer and your previous insurer agrees to transfer your employer-provided policy to an individual one, you’ve got a continuation plan. What you need to understand is that not all plans can be continued. Some employers will have included an option for departing employees to carry on coverage post-employment, but you will have to check with your HR team or broker to see if that applies to you.
Major insurers, such as Aetna, Bupa and Cigna, are most likely to accept transferring a company health insurance plan than local, smaller companies. What you should be aware of is that sometimes coverage, benefits, limits and even the premium can change in the transfer, and some insurers may reject cover to people with certain pre-existing conditions.
If you find your insurer is willing to transfer your company policy, then you’ll need to read the fine print and be clear with them just what your continuation policy will contain. Policies can end up with increased premiums due to companies being able to negotiate more attractive rates because they insure a group. Insuring individuals means increased risk which can result in higher premiums.
Going to your company’s insurer directly is an option, however the best way to negotiate transferring your coverage is to use a broker. Intermediaries, like Pacific Prime Singapore, can work with you to ensure the continuation plan your insurer offers will still meet your needs once you leave your employment. They’re also impartial, meaning you are at the centre of their decision making processes, which might include suggesting a new plan if necessary.
Our team of experts are well experienced in reviewing, renewing and negotiating insurance policies. Doing it yourself can be complex and time consuming, but with a broker like Pacific Prime Singapore, you can leave the hard work to us and we’ll get you the right coverage at an affordable rate. To discuss your options when it comes to leaving your current employer but staying covered health-wise, contact our team of advisers today!
Staying at the forefront of health insurance is a tough game but one we at Pacific Prime Singapore are committed to, for the benefit of our clients and industry partners. As part of our efforts to continue our reputation for simplifying insurance, Pacific Prime Singapore is excited to announce that we have just launched a new insurance survey for 2017.
This survey has been created with the goal of furthering the market’s understanding of consumer views and preferences around insurance. We’re seeking your input to help us inform market players on what insurance solutions you want, need, and value; and ultimately shape future products to better suit the people who use them.
As a token of our gratitude, insurance survey participants will be given a free PDF version of our premier report, International Private Medical Insurance Inflation – 2017. To guarantee yourself a copy of this important insurance industry report, check out our survey page here.
This recently released survey is looking to uncover some key findings about what people in different countries want and expect from their insurance. As a broker, we are constantly trying to make sure we are as responsive and flexible as possible when it comes to the needs of our clients. The information we gather from this survey will later make up our upcoming Top International Private Medical Insurance Trends report.
The findings are set to benefit many people around the world. Insurers will benefit from a greater understanding of the people we sell insurance to; what they look for in a policy, how they expect to make claims when the time comes to use their policy, and other helpful insights. Long term, consumers could see the report findings shaping future products into more attractive and targeted policies.
At Pacific Prime Singapore, we’ll also be using the information to improve the solutions we offer to both existing and new clients, ensuring that we remain at the forefront of insurance matters globally.
The Pacific Prime Insurance Survey – 2017 consists of 3 pre-survey questions that are related to demographics, then 10 simple questions about your views on insurance. Completing the survey itself shouldn’t take longer than two minutes and, apart from one field for entering your email address, the questions are delivered in a multiple-choice format. It really is quick and simple!
If you’re interested in participating in the survey, and getting a free copy of the International Private Medical Insurance Inflation – 2017 report, visit our survey page and complete the questionnaire.
Aside from helping us shape the future of insurance, we’re giving away free copies of our annual International Private Medical Insurance Inflation – 2017 report. This is a premier paper that highlights the premium changes of medical insurance around the world. This highly sought after report gives readers insights into what trends may be impacting premium price inflation in a number of countries, as well as these key findings:
Finally, the International Private Medical Insurance Inflation – 2017 report also discusses what global factors are driving the rate of inflation in insurance premiums currently, and what developments look set to influence prices in future.
As an extra bonus, those of you who choose to participate in the insurance survey will be emailed automatic access to the upcoming annual report, the Cost of International Health Insurance – 2017. Expected to be released in summer, this highly anticipated report covers the average cost of international health insurance in 95 countries, for a wide range of plans and demographics (individuals, couples, families, and retirees).
We’re staying committed to our reputation of providing the best insurance solutions for our clients. As part of our efforts to stay a leading insurance broker in Singapore and around the world, we at Pacific Prime Singapore can’t wait to delve into the feedback you and thousands of clients just like you will send via the insurance survey. For just two minutes of your time, you can help us make some positive change in the industry.
From all of us here at Pacific Prime, we’d like to thank you in advance for your time. We’re looking forward to reading the results of your feedback soon!
Pacific Prime Insurance Brokers Singapore Pte. Ltd. is one of Singapore's top registered insurance brokers. Primarily focused on health insurance in Singapore, we also offer a wide spectrum of insurance solutions from automobile through to wellness.
All of our innovative insurance solutions are backed by industry-leading technology and expert, award-winning service from our team of advisors.
Bupa understands that everybody has a different budget and requirements. That's why the International Lifeline plan has three levels of cover - Essential, Classic and Gold - as well as options for extra international assistance and a choice of deductibles.
Whether you're at home or living or working abroad, the last thing you want to worry about is your health. You need the peace of mind that comes from knowing that your medical needs are protected and you have access to the appropriate treatment available, whenever and wherever you need it. Naturally, you want a flexible and comprehensive plan, giving you and your family instant access to an expert team of people who understand your situation and treat you with respect and compassion every time you contact them.
Prime Level - Gold This level gives you all the cover you need for both in-patient and out-patient care. Gold also covers family doctor treatment and any prescription you may need, as well as accident-related dental treatment. Maternity cover (after 10 months of continuous membership), home nursing and a range of four preventive health checks are also included in this comprehensive plan.
Mid Level - Classic This is designated to cover you and your family for any specialist medical treatment or diagnosis. You will be covered for in-patient hospital stays as well as out-patient consultations, treatment such as physiotherapy and a range of preventive health checks. Drugs, dressing and GP (family doctor) consultations are not covered. Maternity cover is available after 10 months of continuous membership.
First Level - Essential This level concentrates on covering you for in-patient hospital stays. You have the security that you will be covered for treatment you may receive as an in-patient or day-care patient.
Take a big bite out of life
fIND THE RIGHT INSURANCE FOR YOU AND YOUR LOVED ONES
Find what matters to you the most
We are proud to have been recognised as industry leaders with our most recent accolades
AIA Delivers Excellent Results in the First Half of 2017
AIA Delivers Record New Business Performance for First Quarter 2017
AIA Announces Earlier Date for Succession of Group Chief Executive and President and Senior Executive Appointments
AIA VITALITY - GET ACTIVE - GET REWARDED
AIA Vitality is the science-backed wellness programme that works with you to make real change to your health.
Secure your company’s most important asset through our market-leading solutions
For almost a century, AIA as The Real Life Company has served the ever-changing needs of millions of people all across the Asia-Pacific region.
Our healthy living initiatives, partnership with Tottenham Hotspur Football Club and more
We strive to assist you for all your inquiries with high touch customer service.
Quality Healthcare Specialist Partners exclusively for AIA HealthShield Gold Max customers
Sign up for AIA eCare. If you are an AIA customer, and do not have a login, you can register for AIA eCare account here.
Helping you with your protection and financial needs so that you can live life with confidence
Marriage marks the start of a whole new life stage and there’s a lot to think about.
We want to genuinely engage in your life, providing the right financial solutions for you and your family in a constantly changing world.
AIA was founded in Asia, is headquartered in Asia and present in 18 markets across the Asia-Pacific region.
HONG KONG, 28 July 2017 – The Board of Directors of AIA Group Limited (stock code: 1299) is pleased to announce the Group’s unaudited consolidated results for the six months ended 31 May 2017. Highlights are shown on a constant exchange rate basis:
HONG KONG, 27 April 2017 – AIA Group Limited (stock code: 1299) today announces record growth of 55 per cent in value of new business (VONB) on constant exchange rates (CER) for the first quarter ended 28 February 2017.
HONG KONG, 27 April 2017 – AIA Group Limited (“AIA”; or the “Company”; stock code: 1299) announced on 13 March 2017 that Mark Tucker would be retiring from his position of Group Chief Executive and President from 31 August 2017, with Ng Keng Hooi appointed as his successor. Since the announcement, the handover process has been progressing well and is ahead of plan. We are therefore pleased to announce that Ng Keng Hooi will now formally assume his new role effective from 1 June 2017. Mark Tucker will remain as a director of AIA Group Limited, in a non-executive capacity, from then until 31 August 2017.
Download the AIA Vitality Weekly Challenge app and simply run, walk or clock a workout regularly to earn S$5 rewards at Cold Storage, Starbucks or Uber every week! Join AIA Vitality today and start earning your rewards!
At AIA, we have always placed a strong emphasis on innovation, quality customer service and professionalism, and it’s with this focus that we are proud to have gained widespread recognition and won numerous industry accolades.
Domestic Life Insurer of the Year Award for Singapore New Insurance Product of the Year for AIA Triple Critical Cover
Mondays - Fridays 8.45am to 5.30pm Closed on Saturdays, Sundays and Public Holidays
By providing the information, I/we consent to allow AIA Singapore, its associated persons/organisations, its and their third party service providers and its and their representatives, whether within or outside Singapore (collectively “AIA Persons”) to collect, use, disclose, store, retain and/or process (collectively, “Use”) all personal data and information (“Personal Data”) that had/has been provided to AIA Persons and/or that AIA Persons possess about me/us (whether from me/us or a third party), in the manner and for the purposes described in the AIA Personal Data Policy (“PD Policy”) and which I/we confirm that I/we have read and understood.
In addition, I/we consent to allow AIA Persons to use Personal Data that had/has been provided to AIA Persons and/or that AIA Persons possess about me/us (whether from me/us or a third party) for the purposes of conducting consumer, marketing related or other similar research and analysis and to provide marketing and promotional information relating to existing or future products and/or services by the following modes of communication:
* which are in AIA Persons’ records as may be updated from time to time by notice to AIA Persons. In relation to one or more of the above purposes, I/we consent to my/our Personal Data being disclosed to independent third parties and their representatives and such third parties processing my/our Personal Data.
LONGEST PRE- AND POST HOSPITALISATION COVERAGE IN THE MARKET
DO YOU WANT ADDITIONAL PEACE OF MIND?
THE HEALTHIER YOU GET, THE GREATER YOUR REWARD
Interested to know the estimated premium needed for this product?
Are you a dependent of Singapore Citizen/PR?
which plan type do you want to be covered by?
AIA HealthShield Gold Max - Medical Expense Reimbursement - AIA Singapore
AIA HealthShield Gold Max is a Medisave-approved medical expense reimbursement plan which combines a MediShield Life component with additional private insurance coverage. The additional private insurance coverage gives you more benefits and the choice to stay in private hospitals or A/B1 Class Wards in public hospitals. You also get to enjoy exclusive access to quality private healthcare, plus a 20% discount on consultation fees with any of our AIA Quality Healthcare Partners.
With a claim limit of up to $2 million, one of the highest in the market, you will have access to private medical care with our AIA Quality Healthcare Partners when you sign up for AIA HealthShield Gold Max A.
We understand that some illnesses may take a longer time to diagnose and recovery may include extended medical follow-ups with specialists. That’s why AIA HealthShield Gold Max A gives you up to 13 months of pre- and post-hospitalisation benefits when you seek treatment with our AIA Quality Healthcare Partners or in any public hospitals, the longest coverage period in the market.
With AIA HealthShield Gold Max, protection lasts a lifetime. You can make a claim whenever you need to, however often you need to.
To help keep things simple, most of the benefits under AIA HealthShield Gold Max A, B and B Lite plans are offered on an ‘as charged’ basis. That simply means that we pay your medical bills for you.
From hospitalisation and surgery to outpatient treatment, day surgeries performed in approved medical institutions (e.g. specialist clinics) and pre- and post-hospitalisation treatment, we have you covered. Visit any of our AIA Quality Healthcare Partners to enjoy a 20% discount on specialist consultation fees.
Sometimes life throws up the unexpected so the plan covers a wide range of needs – and not just for you. Benefits cover organ transplant for yourself and an uninsured donor, congenital abnormalities for a female insured’s biological child, emergency overseas medical treatment, and more.
It is the eligible expenses incurred subject to deductible, co-insurance, admission of ward class, policy year limit and any other terms.
It is the fixed amount that you have to pay in a policy year before any policy benefits are paid out.
It is a fixed percentage of the medical bill that you have to pay after deducting the deductible amount.
Additional options are available for you to customise your cover to make sure it suits your individual needs.
Complement your cover with our AIA Max Essential add-on, which covers the deductible and co-insurance portions of your hospital bill so you get coverage from the first dollar! That’s not all. You will also enjoy a host of other valuable benefits like an ambulance service benefit, daily hospital cash, as well as coverage for nursing care and alternative medicine to treat cancer and stroke after your hospital stay plus much more!
Aside from making sure you have the support you need if you fall ill, we want to encourage you to take preventive steps by becoming healthier. AIA Vitality, our innovative wellness programme, helps you along your journey to good health. Enjoy a 5% discount on AIA Max Essential premiums in the first year when you sign up before 30 November 2017 and up to 15% off future premiums as you get healthier with AIA Vitality.
Feel free to input your details to generate an estimate.
Additional add-ons are available for you to customise your cover to make sure it suits your individual needs.
Premium rates do not remain level throughout the life of the policy and will increase with age. Premiums are not guaranteed and are expected to be adjusted from time to time in line with our claim experience, medical inflation cost and general cost of treatment, supplies or medical services in Singapore. Do note that the premium rate generated by the Estimation Calculator is only an estimate. It does not represent the actual amount of premiums payable by you. For specific financial advice, feel free to fill up the form below and an AIA appointed representative will assist you.
The ambulance service benefit is payable only when the ambulance transportation is incurred due to an emergency condition arising from an illness/accidental injury that requires confinement or an accidental injury that requires emergency outpatient treatment
AIA Vitality premium discount is only applicable to AIA Max Essential. The discount is not applicable to AIA HealthShield Gold Max.
Premium discount for AIA Max Essential is only applicable to premiums based on a standard life. It is not applicable to any extra premiums due to loading. Discount applicable from the second policy year onwards will depend on the AIA Vitality Status attained. The discount is capped at 15%.
This is only product information provided by us. You should seek advice from a qualified adviser if in doubt. Buying health insurance products that are not suitable for you may impact your ability to finance your future healthcare needs. You are discouraged from switching from an existing accident and/or health insurance policy to a new one without considering whether the switch is detrimental, as there may be potential disadvantages with switching. A penalty may be imposed for early policy termination and the new policy may cost more or have fewer benefits at the same cost.
AIA HealthShield Gold Max is a Medisave-approved Integrated Shield Plan that comprises MediShield Life administered by the Central Provident Fund Board and an additional private insurance coverage portion administered by AIA. When making a claim, the higher of the benefits computed under both plans will be paid. Please note that you can use your CPF Medisave account to purchase only one Medisave-approved medical insurance scheme per Insured at any one time.
Download MyAXA Mobile App for AXA Customers
Cover yourself and your loved ones for all of life’s unexpected contingencies
Drive around with your mind at ease with our customisable Car insurance solution
Introducing big protection for small businesses with a range of affordable and flexible solutions.
Protect your business with a diverse range of affordable and flexible solutions
Take care of your employees needs with our life, accident and medical coverage
Whether you’re travelling for vacation of business, studying overseas or visiting family abroad, SmartTraveller knows just what you need.
Whether you are a busy executive on the go, a road trip traveler or a parent ferrying your kids, SmartDrive provides you a protection plan that’s tailored for you.
Your life is the most valuable asset to your family and you. Whilst no one can replace you, a whole life plan will ensure your loved ones are taken care of when you are no longer around.
We all know that good health is one of life's greatest treasures. With AXA's range of Health solutions, you can enjoy a carefree life knowing you're in good hands.
Safeguard your health with our comprehensive protection plans
Apply for AXA Family Advantage or submit your enquiries:
We all know that good health is one of life's greatest treasures. With AXA's range of Health solutions, you can enjoy a carefree life knowing you're in good hands. Our comprehensive coverage gives you and your family complete peace of mind anytime you need medical and hospital care.
Other solutions that might fit your needs
AXA Customer Centre is located at:#01-21/22. (For Parking please click here)
Stress can ruin the joy of raising a family. Enjoy parenthood with AXA Family Advantage.
Right from coverage against pregnancy complications for expectant mother to congenital illnesses for the unborn child, it also helps parents to get coverage for themselves and help them build their savings or grow their investments.
This plan helps to ease the cost of medical treatments arising from pregnancy complications and hospitalisation of the new born baby. We cover 10 pregnancy complications and 18 congenital illnesses.
This plan can be bought when expectant mothers are between the 16th and 36th week of pregnancy. If you’re carrying more than one foetus in the same pregnancy, benefits will be multiplied to cover each child individually.
You have an option to select how long you want your child to be covered, 3 years or 6 years.
Choice of 8 AXA plans for your different financial goals ranging from investment (Polaris, Pulsar), protection and savings plans (Life Exentials, Life Exentials Prime, Health Pro Growth, Health Pro Living, Savvy Saver, Retire Happy).
We offer 3 protection or savings plans (Life Exentials, INSPIRE Flexi Saver, INSPIRE Flexi Protector) for your newborn child. A hassle-free application process without any health questions asked.
Sign up for Mum Care together with any 1 of the 8 AXA plans for you or your spouse.
The insurance plan featured in this website does not have regard to the specific investment objectives, financial situation and the particular needs of any specific person. You may wish to seek advice from a financial consultant before making a commitment to purchase the plan. In the event that you choose not to seek advice from a financial consultant, you should consider whether the plan in question is suitable for you. Buying an insurance plan is a long-term commitment. An early termination of the plan usually involves high costs and the surrender value may be less than total premiums paid.
As a professional who strives for success everywhere you go, you’ll understand the value of protecting your assets, as well as your health. Unfortunately, illness can quickly erode both, with high treatment costs and even loss of income. AIA Platinum Health provides comprehensive hospitalisation and surgical coverage anytime you need.
Going to hospital, undergoing surgery or receiving treatment requires your full attention. To ensure your peace of mind, we will reimburse the cost of your medical expenses, including hospitalisation (even in the Intensive Care Unit) and specialist consultations.
Enjoy the freedom to choose the best medical care available with a high lifetime payout limit of S$5 million. So you can have peace of mind and concentrate on getting better.
Protect your wealth right from the beginning with “as charged” benefits that take care of your hospitalisation costs, including pre-hospitalisation and post-hospitalisation.
A minimum period of 30 days (for Singapore residents)/180 days (for passers-by) must have passed between policy issue date or reactivated date and diagnosis before a claim can be made.
Buying health insurance products that are not suitable for you may impact your ability to finance your future healthcare needs. You are discouraged from switching from an existing accident and/or health insurance policy to a new one without considering whether the switch is detrimental, as there may be potential disadvantages with switching. A penalty may be imposed for early policy termination and the new policy may cost more or have fewer benefits at the same cost.
DAILY INCOME DURING AND AFTER YOUR HOSPITAL STAY
Expectant mothers 18-45 years old, 18-32 weeks of pregnancy
A hospital stay can create a lot of unexpected expenses, not to mention potential loss of earnings. Don’t let bills stand in the way of your recuperation. Some extra cash will give you peace of mind and help you get the rest you need.
AIA Health CashPlus complements your existing medical plans. Specially designed to support you if you need hospitalisation, it provides you with cash payments during hospital stays as well as a little extra to help while you recuperate at home.
To help you focus on yourself and not your finances, we pay you daily cash if you’re admitted to hospital, whether in Singapore or overseas. What’s more, we’ll continue to support you while you rest at home.
Even if you are not required to be hospitalised, we’ll still give you a payout to help with expenses during a day surgery.
In the event that you’re diagnosed with a critical illness before the age of 65, we’ll waive your premium for 5 years so that you can focus on your recovery.
A choice of 3 plans means you can choose the level of benefits according to your needs. You can also enhance your coverage by adding 2 optional benefits: reimbursement for hospital expenses and critical illness coverage.
Enjoy a discount of up to 20% on your AIA Health CashPlus premium if you’re also covered under AIA HealthShield Gold Max plan.
Buying health insurance products that are not suitable for you may impact your ability to finance your future healthcare needs. You are discouraged from switching from an existing accident and/or health insurance policy to a new one without considering whether the switch is detrimental, as there may be potential disadvantages with switching. A penalty may be imposed for early termination and the new policy may cost more or have fewer benefits at the same cost.
Protect yourself and your little one during your pregnancy and after childbirth with AIA Family First Baby, a prenatal insurance and savings plan. You can enjoy coverage from as early as 18 weeks into pregnancy, and coverage can be transferred to your baby after birth so he or she enjoys not only guaranteed coverage from day 1, but also savings for a bright future. It’s the first plan in Singapore to cover conception through in-vitro fertilisation (IVF).
Your little one will be covered for 18 congenital illnesses, incubation, admittance into Intensive Care Unit (ICU)/High Dependency Unit (HDU) and hospitalisation due to Hand, Foot and Mouth disease, enabling you to get him or her the best treatment possible.
This add-on plan gives you the option of transferring the policy to your child without any medical check-ups, giving him or her lifelong coverage from birth up to the age of 100, as well as a head start in the savings game!
After transferring the policy to your child, you can purchase similar coverage for yourself without any medical check-ups to ensure you continue to receive life protection as you watch your little one grow.
You should seek advice from a qualified adviser and read the product summary and product highlights sheet(s) before deciding whether the product is suitable for you. A product summary and product highlights sheet(s) relating to the ILP sub-fund(s) are available and may be obtained from your AIA Financial Services Consultant or Insurance Representative. A potential investor should read the product summary and product highlights sheet(s) before deciding whether to subscribe for units in the ILP sub-fund(s).
A hospital stay can be expensive. On top of the treatment itself, a lot of unexpected expenses can crop up, not to mention potential loss of earnings. Don’t let bills stand in the way of your recuperation. AIA Pink of Health is a cost-effective plan that makes a great complement to your existing medical coverage. Specifically designed to support you if you are admitted to hospital, it provides daily cash payments as well as reimbursements for treatment.
To help you focus on yourself and not your finances, we pay you daily cash for up to 500 days per accident or sickness if you’re admitted to hospital, whether in Singapore or overseas.
Get the treatment you need. We’ll reimburse you for hospital expenses and procedures needed, including day surgery and emergency outpatient treatment due to an accident.
If you already have a basic medical insurance plan, AIA Pink of Health may reimburse you for the deductible and co-insurance portions of your medical bill depending on your AIA Pink of Health plan limit.
Enjoy a discount of up to 20% on your AIA Pink of Health premium if you’re also covered under AIA HealthShield Gold Max plan.
InterGlobal is an award-winning provider of international private medical insurance (IPMI). We provide tailored medical care cover to thousands of people based in many locations around the world, including Singapore.
Each one of the international medical insurance plans we offer are specifically designed to accommodate our globally mobile clients.
Our worldwide Singapore health insurance products are delivered by our highly-experienced team of experts, who have a vast knowledge of the local area. This, coupled with our personable approach, means that our members can be absolutely confident that their plan complies with local laws and regulations.
Our local branch is authorised to provide international medical insurance in Singapore by the Monetary Authority of Singapore (MAS).
At InterGlobal, we insure individuals and families, as well as corporate and affinity groups. Through our UltraCare insurance plans we provide global medical insurance in Singapore for local nationals, expats and teachers working in the country, as well as frequent travellers.
Choice is at the heart of what we do. That’s why we offer a variety of plans, areas of cover and excess options plus the choice of paying in Singapore or US dollars. You can choose from a basic package, which includes in-patient medical treatment, to a higher level plan that can provide a full refund for out-patient consultations, treatment and tests. Customers can also enhance their insurance plan with optional add-on plans for worldwide travel, personal accident and maternity care.
We’re also the only provider of IPMI to exclusively offer the services of crisis management specialists, red24, to our clients.
Learn about how InterGlobal can help you with international medical insurance in Singapore today.
Apply for AXA Shield or submit your enquiries:
AXA Shield is an Integrated Shield medical re-imbursement plan designed to complement the Singapore MediShield Life plan. It is a plan payable by Medisave.
It offers you a wide range of benefits to cover all your everyday healthcare needs, from pre-hospitalisation to post-hospitalisation. AXA Shield has one of the longest post-hospitalisation benefit in the market and allows you to pick and choose amongst 3 suitable optional benefits to make your health coverage more complete.
For major illnesses such as cancer, recovery may take a longer time. Hence, it’s important to be protected by one of the longest post-hospitalisation coverage of 365 days.
AXA Shield Plan A with private hospital coverage, offers a high annual limit of S$1 million. AXA Shield Plan B with coverage for single bedded ward in public hospitals, offers a high annual limit at S$550,000.
Instead of offering a pre-set rider, we’ve unbundled our riders so you can choose one, two or all three riders. Depending on your needs and affordability.
Unique to AXA, our AXA Home Care rider offers services like General Practitioner (GP) home visits, home nurse visits, and physiotherapy, in the comfort of your home.
Letter of Guarantee (LOG) of up to S$100,000 at private hospitals if referred through our panel of Medical Specialists, and up to S$15,000 at public hospitals.
Covers your eligible expenses during your stay in the hospital, be it a normal ward, a high dependency unit or an intensive care unit. Also covers costs for surgeries and organ transplants, so you do not need to worry about your hospital bills should you ever need to be hospitalised.
Covers your eligible expenses for costly outpatient treatments, such as chemotherapy and radiotherapy for cancer treatments, as well as kidney dialysis treatments and immunosuppressant for organ transplants.
Covers your eligible expenses for doctor’s consultations, including medication, examinations, and laboratory tests incurred within 180 days before hospitalisation.
Covers your eligible expenses for your follow-up treatments after hospitalisation, for up to 365 days after discharge from the hospital.
Covers your eligible expenses should you be hospitalised in an emergency situation whilst overseas.
A basic, no-frills rider, this covers the amount that you will need to co-pay under AXA Shield due to Deductibles and Co-Insurance, which means you will get covered from the first dollar.
This covers you for a full suite of medical treatments such as Traditional Chinese Medicine, Planned Overseas Medical Treatments and Emergency Outpatient Treatment due to accidents. Your immediate family members will also be able to benefit from accommodation charges granted if you are hospitalised, among other features.
This is a rider unique to AXA. AXA Home Care brings convenience to you in the comfort of your home. It covers visits to your home by a GP, home nurse and home care medical services such as physiotherapy.
Adam, a 28 year-old Singapore Citizen, suffers from slipped discs. A visit to the doctor, which costs him S$100, led to him being admitted to the hospital. He was warded for 4 days in a Class A ward in a public hospital, where the doctor advised him to manage the condition through medication and physiotherapy. The final bill for the hospital stay was S$7,000.
Recovery took a year after Adam was discharged from the hospital. It included post-hospitalisation treatments amounting to S$1,000, and 3 home physiotherapy sessions at S$300 per session in the initial months.
Apply for GlobalCare Health Plan or submit your enquiries:
GlobalCare is a comprehensive International Health insurance plan that offers optimal worldwide coverage for hospitalisation, outpatient treatments, maternity expenses, vaccinations, dental, optical expenses and beyond.
With this plan you can choose to get treatment anywhere within the geographical area covered by your plan, and recognize by AXA.
Reimbursement of expenses incurred for hospitalisation, pre- and post-hospitalisation treatments, outpatient treatments, and hospice & palliative care.
Enjoy parenthood without worrying about pregnancy and delivery charges by opting to cover maternity expenses, after waiting periods, in selected plans. In addition, we also cover mums-to-be for pre- and post-natal complications.
Cover yourself for vaccinations, dental care, optical care, health screening and alternative treatments like Traditional Chinese Medicine, homeopathy and more in selected plans.
Enjoy coverage from the first dollar without having to pay anything out of your pocket. We ensure the only thing you have to focus on is your recovery.
Apply for GlobalCare without having to go for any medical tests and through our easy application process.
Whether you have queries related to your claims, need to know which hospitals are within our global network of hospitals, or even need help with making dining reservations at restaurants, we will be able to help you.
You must be 80 years old or below when you begin your cover under GlobalCare.
Maternity Benefits / Pregnancy and Delivery charges, Health Screening, Hospice and Palliative care will be available after a waiting period of 12 months from the policy inception date.
Apply for InternationalExclusive or submit your enquiries:
InternationalExclusive is a plan that ensures whether you live within Asia or are travelling abroad, you’ll have access to the best possible medical care should anything happen to you or your family by way of an illness or injury.
Provides high coverage up to S$4 million a year against rising medical costs.
Covers general practitioner and specialist consultations, prescribed drugs, dressings, diagnostic tests, and vaccinations.
Overseas evacuation and repatriation service is available 24 hours a day, 365 days a year.
You are advised to read the policy contract for the full list of exclusions.
You may wish to seek advice from a qualified adviser before making a commitment to purchase the insurance plan. In the event that you choose not to seek advice from a qualified adviser, you should consider whether the plan in question is suitable for you.
Apply for SmartCare Executive or submit your enquiries:
SmartCare Executive is exclusively tailored to fit your budget without compromising on the health protection for you & your loved ones.
We provide full coverage from the first dollar while you or your love one are in hospital. What’s more, you can tailor your benefits to fit your budget by opting for Co-payment, Deductible or both.
Comprehensive report on Digital Underwriting & Fulfilment
The forum for digital insurance around the world
Keep up-to-date with the latest conferences and events
Sign up and be the first to know
1 Scotts Road #24-10 Shaw Centre Singapore 228208
About Hugh Terry & The Digital Insurer
The Swiss Re Group is a leading wholesale provider of reinsurance, insurance and other insurance-based forms of risk transfer. From standard products to tailor-made coverage across all lines of business, Swiss Re deploys its capital strength, expertise and innovation power to enable the risk-taking upon which enterprise and progress in society depend.
KPMG is proud to be the Consulting & Advisory Partner of The Digital Insurer and Sponsor of ‘Digital Insurance in Action’, bringing together real examples of digital innovation from across the insurance sector.
KPMG’s Digital Consulting professionals can help your business gain a competitive edge through digital initiatives, while understanding the risks and complex challenges involved.
The largest online knowledge bank of curated digital insurance content from around the world
The global market place to connect buyers of insurance technology with technology vendors and suppliers.
Read our new and exclusive Thought Leadership report produced in collaboration with Swiss Re
Our goal is to help the insurance industry transform by using digital thinking
Join a community of over 10,000 professionals interested in digital insurance
The Digital Insurer is a forum for professionals interested in digital insurance in Asia. The site is supported by corporate sponsorship so please show your appreciation and support by signing up to the site. No Charges Apply
The Digital Insurer is for the benefit of professionals from the insurance industry who wish to keep abreast of developments in Digital Insurance. By subscribing you will:
- Be able to get access to material not on the public site – this includes the Insight Reports Digital magazine, The Quarterly Digest archives and exclusive access to other content.
- Receive the Quarterly Digest – an email summary of the new articles on the site.
Will I be bombarded with email? You will receive no more than one email a month, and probably no more than 2 a quarter, from The Digital Insurer and the focus will be a digest of new articles and news about Digital Insurance. The first one will be sent immediately when you subscribe.
Can I unsubscribe?If you wish to unsubcribe you can do so at any time by clicking the link at the end of each email.
Apply for Mum’s Advantage or submit your enquiries:
AXA's Mum's Advantage is a combination of two plans- investment and medical protection - to offer you wealth accumulation, peace of mind and security all at once. We provide coverage for unexpected health expenses for the mother and the child during pregnancy and after childbirth, as well as a head start for your child's piggy bank. The expectant mother can be covered from as early as 16 weeks into pregnancy.
Mum’s Advantage is a combination of Mum’s Care and INSPIRE™ FlexiProtector / INSPIRE™ FlexiSaver to ease the cost of treatment, and provide savings for your child’s future and protection against the 18 listed congenital illnesses.
If you are carrying more than 1 foetus in the same pregnancy, the benefits will apply to each child individually. Both mother and children will enjoy the benefits as well.
The mother has an option to transfer the investment policy to the child without any underwriting.
Expectant mothers, who are in their 16-36 weeks of pregnancy can apply for this plan.
You must be between 18 and 45 years old to be covered under Mum’s Advantage.
The transfer is made within 60 days of the birth of the child and for Sum Assured up to S$200,000.
Food Poisoning: What is and isn't covered?
No matter what you value in life, good health comes first. Hospital CashPlus dispenses daily cash payouts so you can focus on getting your health back on track.
Hospitalisation Cash Benefit Free yourself from financial worries with MSIG’s hospital insurance. We pay cash benefits of up to $225,000 if you are hospitalised in Singapore and overseas, or outside of your home country.
Recuperation Cash Benefit Receive a well-wishing gift from us with $1,000 recuperation cash benefit paid out upon discharge from your hospital stay of at least 7 days.
Emergency Outpatient Benefit We reimburse you up to $1,000 worth of emergency outpatient medical treatment expenses following an accident.
Overseas Medical Evacuation and Repatriation Even when you are far from home, Hospital CashPlus continues to protect you. We cover you for emergency medical evacuation and repatriation of up to $200,000.
Discount off Renewal Premium For every 12 months you stay claim-free, we reward you with 25% savings on your renewal premiums.
24/7 Helpline Our emergency hotline ensures there is always someone to connect you to medical care and evacuation, no matter which time zone you are in.
Claims Made Easy We keep our process as simple as possible to bring your hospital insurance claim to a fair settlement.
For further information on health insurance and what you should know before you make a purchase decision, please refer to the Guide to Health insurance produced by the Life Insurance Association and the General Insurance Association. Click here for the English or Chinese versions. Please note that you will be re-directed to a third party website and MSIG shall not be held responsible or liable for any content on these websites.
This policy is protected under the Policy Owners’ Protection Scheme which is administered by the Singapore Deposit Insurance Corporation (SDIC). Coverage for your policy is automatic and no further action is required from you. For more information on the types of benefits that are covered under the scheme as well as the limits of coverage, where applicable, please visit MSIG, GIA or SDIC.
1. Under what circumstance can I claim benefits under Hospital CashPlus insurance?
This insurance pays in the event you are hospitalised from accidental injury or illness, anytime and anywhere in the world, provided:
i) such injury or illness is not a pre-existing condition, or ii) non-elective treatment, or iii) an illness commencing after 30 days from an Insured Person's enrolment to this insurance.
(a) for which treatment, medication, advice or diagnosis has been sought or received or was foreseeable prior to the commencement of cover for the Insured Person concerned under the Policy, or
(b) which presented signs or symptoms of which the Insured Person concerned was aware or should reasonably have been aware or which originated or existed, prior to the commencement of cover for the Insured Person concerned under the Policy.
3. If I plan to seek my medical treatment outside Singapore, can I make a claim under the Overseas Daily Hospitalisation Cash benefit?
The Overseas Daily Hospitalisation Cash benefit does not cover for elective medical treatment or non-emergency treatment outside of Singapore and/or outside your home country.
4. How does the 10% discount apply if my spouse or children enrol for cover after I have commenced the insurance?
The discount will apply upon the policy's renewal for all insured persons. It is, therefore, advantageous for you and your spouse/child to be enrolled at the same time and on the same plan.
5. Do I need to inform MSIG if I have a change of my occupation or recreation?
The cover lapses automatically if you lived outside Singapore for a continuous period of more than 90 days.
7. Will a foreigner who holds this insurance and is hospitalised while holidaying in his home country be entitled to the Overseas Daily Hospitalisation benefit?
The benefit will not apply when he is in his home country. Only the Daily Hospitalisation Daily Cash benefit is payable.
Good health is essential to enjoying what life has to offer. Put yourself in our good hands so getting well becomes your priority.
Are All Medical Insurance Plans The Same?
Speak with a Medical Insurance Advisor Today
There are numerous Medical Insurance policies available, but few are suitable for Expats. Our goal is to provide you with the most comprehensive and affordable Health Insurance available. The first step in this process is to understand your needs and priorities.
If you are planning a family, Maternity Insurance benefits are subject to a standard 10 - 24 month waiting period, so you must purchase well in advance of pregnancy.
Quality healthcare does not come cheap. The Singapore Ministry of Health statistics show the cost of treatment in private hospitals averages $1,800 - $3,700 per day, with the average bill for surgeries reaching $28,000. We help you understand medical care costs, so you can make an informed decision about the limits you buy.
The added convenience of a Cashless Billing plan allows you to use a Medical Insurance card to settle medical bills for outpatient treatment. This means you never need to submit an insurance claim for reimbursement, drastically simplifying the claims process.
Whether you need a simple question answered, a reminder on the benefits you selected, we are here for you.
Receive the best health insurance care with Prestige Healthcare, a plan offering exceptionally high cover limits, giving you access to state-of-the-art treatment options.
Hospital and Surgical Cover Benefit from our strong hospital insurance coverage with over $3 million for inpatient and outpatient treatments, cancer treatments, organ transplants, casualty ward accident services and more.
Increased International Cover We expand your international cover immediately from $1 million to $2 million* if you are hospitalised while overseas.
Overseas Medical Evacuation and Repatriation Stay protected no matter where you are with our overseas emergency medical evacuation and repatriation cover of up to $1 million*.
Outpatient Alternative Treatment You are entitled to up to $2,000 for alternative treatment by a physiotherapist, registered Chinese physician, acupuncturist or chiropractor.
Claims Made Easy Your hospital expenses are settled directly by us so you can enjoy cashless service. We keep our process as simple as possible to bring your hospital insurance claim to a fair settlement.
Persons aged between 18 years and below 65 years old with his or her Usual Country of Residence in Singapore are eligible to apply for the insurance.
A child aged at least 15 days following his/her normal healthy birth and not more than 18 years may be insured provided one of the parents is insured at the same time and their Usual Country of Residence is Singapore.
The covered limit for each of the inpatient and outpatient benefit varies and is subject to an Overall Maximum Annual Limit for each Insured Person depending on the Plan selected. Please refer to the Summary of Benefits in the Product Benefits attachment for the applicable limits.
The Overall Maximum Annual Limit is not applicable to the following benefits: • Emergency Medical Advice and Travel Assistance • Compassionate Travel • Miscarriage (or Abortion) due to Accident • Outpatient Services A separate limit applies to the Maternity Benefit if this optional cover is purchased.
3. I plan to seek medical treatment for my illness overseas. Will this be covered?
The Insured Person shall obtain medical treatment in his/her Usual Country of Residence except for emergency treatment which require immediate attention, in respect of an Accident or acute Illness occurring during business or holiday travel of not exceeding 90 days each trip.
4. Does the Maternity Benefit cover complications during pregnancy or miscarriage?
The Maternity Benefit is an optional cover insuring the cost of ante-natal, childbirth and post-natal treatment for the mother including complications during pregnancy and Complicated Delivery as defined in the policy.
Miscarriage or treatment cost for the termination of pregnancy due to medical grounds is also covered under the Maternity Benefit.
5. Will I be able to obtain cover if I have a pre-existing medical condition which is not serious?
A deductible is the amount an Insured Person must contribute towards the cost of each claim or course of treatment during any one Period of Insurance.
A Deductible of $100 applies to the following benefits: i) Casualty Ward Emergency Services ii) Outpatient Services*
This is a voluntary option and refers to the accumulative total amount of covered medical expenses (including covered claims resulting from Day Care Surgery) incurred by an Insured Person during any one Period of Insurance and borne by the Insured. In return for selection of this option, the Insured shall enjoy a percent discount off the premium rates.
The latest entry age for an adult enrolment is 64 years old (age last birthday) and renewability is up to age 80. The entry age for a child is 15 days from his/her normal healthy birth and is renewable up to age 18 or 21 years old if in full time formal education
Waiting Period applies to the following benefits: i) Hospitalisation for treatment of any illness - 30 days ii) Inpatient Psychiatric Treatment - 24 months iii) Optional Maternity Benefit - applicable to pregnancies which begin at least 365 days
From the commencement of the insurance or the date of reinstatement of cover, whichever is later.
10. Are the annual premiums fixed? Will a change in my occupation affect the annual premium?
The premium is age banded and increases as an Insured Person enters the next higher age band. The premium may also vary at renewal to reflect changes in risk or claim profile of the Insured Person and adjustments for medical inflation.
Greater cover for all that's close to your heart - home contents, renovations and more.
Who's at the door? Find out with One Day PaySM
Learn how Aflac pays you and your family money for the expenses that Major Medical doesn't cover.
Aflac lets you provide your employees with the best benefits without costing you a penny.
Offer your clients better benefit options with Aflac supplemental insurance policies.
Explore the unlimited potential and flexibility that comes with a new career as an Aflac insurance agent.
Answer quick to see how Aflac delivers!
Whether it’s accident, cancer, hospitalization or illness, no one will process and pay your claim faster. Our promise to you is to process and pay, not deny and delay.
There are three simple steps to make sure you get paid quickly:
If you still have questions about One Day PaySM, visit our FAQ section or watch the video.
By hitting submit, I agree to receive autodialed calls from Aflac, an independent contractor Aflac associate, and Sutherland Global Services working at Aflac’s request, at the number provided. Message and data rates may apply. I understand I am not required to provide my consent as a condition of accessing Aflac’s website or purchasing Aflac’s products.
Our system will guide you every step of the way—from filling out the right forms to filing your claim—so your claim can be processed quickly.
Once you’ve filled out the correct forms, you can upload any other required documents electronically. Just use a scanner or take a picture with your phone.
Get your claim in to us before 3:00 PM ET, Monday – Friday, and we’ll have it processed and paid within one business day.
One Day PaySM available for most properly documented, individual claims submitted online through Aflac SmartClaim® by 3 p.m. ET. Aflac SmartClaim® is available on most Accident, Cancer, Hospital, Specified Health, and Intensive Care policies. Aflac processes most other claims in about four days. Processing time is based on business days after all required documentation needed to render a decision is received and no further validation and/or research is required. Individual Company Statistic, 2017.
Aflac is my lifeline and helped me get through a very difficult time in my life.
It’s exactly what it says it is. It’s there when you need it.
I would be so stressed not having the Aflac Policy.
With Aflac supplemental insurance, you can provide an additional level of financial protection for yourself and your family in the event of a serious accident or illness.
If you’re sick or injured, the costs can really start to pile up.
With Aflac you can have help with those costs that may not be covered by your major medical insurance.
Enter your age. You have to be at least 18 years old to use this tool.
Age limitations may apply based on product.
26% of U.S. adults (18-64) say someone in their household had problems or inability to pay medical bills in the past year.1
Our hospital insurance helps with the expenses not covered by major medical, which can help prevent high deductibles and out‐of‐pocket expenses from derailing your life plans. Choosing the right combination of benefits can be hard. Let Aflac help make it easy.
You find yourself in the emergency room.
Average Yearly cost of youth asthma care
If you're sick or injured, the costs can really start to pile up.
Aflac pays you cash for those costs that may not be covered by your major medical insurance.
Peace of mind doesn't have to break the bank
Ask your employer about Aflac Hospital insurance. This product is available through worksite payroll deduction only.
Guaranteed‐issue is available for select products, which means no underwriting questions. May not be available in all states
Customizable benefit options designed to meet your unique lifestyle and needs.
We do everything possible to pay your claim fast, because expenses don’t wait. And neither should you.
Medical expenses don’t always come from an accident or critical illness; sometimes it starts with a visit to an urgent care clinic because of a sharp pain in your side. While health insurance typically covers some of the expense, you will likely be responsible for a portion of the bill. Aflac Choice helps with those unexpected hospital expenses that may not be covered by health insurance. That way, you may not have to sacrifice your vacation budget for those unexpected medical costs.
Aflac hospital insurance helps cover medical expenses resulting from a covered hospitalization.
Aflac hospital insurance helps protect your employees from unexpected medical bills due to a covered hospitalization.
Don’t wait until it’s too late. Help cover yourself and your family with affordable coverage from Aflac.
† One Day PaySM available for most properly documented, individual claims submitted online through Aflac SmartClaim® by 3 p.m. ET. Aflac SmartClaim® is available on most Accident, Cancer, Hospital, Specified Health, and Intensive Care policies. Aflac processes most other claims in about four days. Processing time is based on business days after all required documentation needed to render a decision is received and no further validation and/or research is required. Individual Company Statistic, 2017.
2The above example is based on four scenarios. Choice 1 Scenario: Policyholder has the Aflac Choice policy only; includes a Hospital Confinement Benefit of $1,500 and a Hospital Emergency Room Benefit of $100. Choice 2 Scenario: Policyholder has the Aflac Choice policy plus the Hospital Stay and Surgical Care Rider; includes the benefit amounts from Choice 1 Scenario (shown above), plus an Initial Assistance Benefit of $100, a Surgery Benefit (appendectomy) of $200, and a Daily Hospital Confinement Benefit of $300 (hospitalized for 3 days). Choice 3 Scenario: Policyholder has the Aflac Choice policy plus the Extended Benefits Rider; includes the benefit amounts from Choice 1 Scenario (shown above), plus a Physician Visit Benefit of $25, a Laboratory Test and X-Ray Benefit of $35, a Medical Diagnostic and Imaging Exams Benefit of $150, and an Ambulance Benefit of $200 (ground). Choice 4 Scenario: Policyholder has the Aflac Choice policy plus both the Extended Benefits Rider and the Hospital Stay and Surgical Care Rider; includes the benefit amounts from Choice 1 Scenario (shown above), plus a Physician Visit Benefit of $25, a Laboratory Test and X-Ray Benefit of $35, a Medical Diagnostic and Imaging Exams Benefit of $150, an Ambulance Benefit of $200 (ground), an Initial Assistance Benefit of $100, a Surgery Benefit (appendectomy) of $200, and a Daily Hospital Confinement Benefit of $300 (hospitalized for 3 days).
In Arkansas, Policies B40100AR & B4010HAR. In Pennsylvania, Policies B40100PA & B4010HPA. In Texas, Policies B40100TX & B4010HTX. Policies may not be available in all states including but not limited to AZ, ID, NJ, NY, OK, & VA. The policies have limitations and exclusions that may affect benefits payable. Refer to the policies for complete details, limitations, and exclusions. For costs, complete details of the coverage and for policies available in your state, please contact your local Aflac agent.
Health insurance is a plan you buy to help pay for health care expenses, which can be expensive. Having insurance keeps you from paying for all of the costs when you are sick or have an accident. Just like car insurance, plans vary in how much they cover.
After you purchase a health insurance plan, that plan pays for some of your medical costs/expenses. The services the plan covers and the dollar amount the plan pays are your coverage. Coverage varies by plan.
* Typically, the higher your premium (monthly payment), the lower your deductible (the amount you pay before coverage begins). And, the lower your premium, the higher your deductible.
Serving Maryland, the District of Columbia and portions of Virginia, CareFirst BlueCross BlueShield is the shared business name of CareFirst of Maryland, Inc. and Group Hospitalization and Medical Services, Inc. CareFirst BlueChoice, Inc. and First Care, Inc. are affiliate companies and also offer health benefit products and services on this site.
CareFirst of Maryland, Inc., Group Hospitalization and Medical Services, Inc., First Care, Inc., The Dental Network and CareFirst BlueChoice, Inc. are independent licensees of the Blue Cross and Blue Shield Association. The Blue Cross and Blue Shield Names and Symbols are registered trademarks of the Blue Cross and Blue Shield Association.
All plans also offer preventive services at no charge. You won’t pay a copay or coinsurance for these services and you don’t need to meet your deductible before you use these services. Preventive services include:
Even after understanding the basics of health insurance, it can be confusing determining how the health plan you choose impacts your out-of-pocket costs.
To help you choose the best health plan for your budget and your needs, it is important to understand a bit about health insurance. This graphic explains how health insurance works and defines some key terms.
Looks like your browser is a little out-of-date.
At UnitedHealthcare, we serve millions of people from their earliest years through their working lives and into retirement. What unites us is our mission to help people live healthier lives and make the health system work better for everyone.
These are extraordinary times in health care. The opportunities to help people live healthier have never been greater. Advanced data and technologies, breakthrough treatments and consumer choice are redefining what can be achieved.
We are working to create a system that is connected, aligned and more affordable for all involved. One that delivers high quality care, responsive to the needs of each person and the communities in which they live. We are also partnering with care providers, collaborating in new ways to improve patient care.
At UnitedHealthcare, we are working to play our part in creating a more sustainable health care system: one that works better for everyone.
Only 1-in-10 middle-income Americans feel confident in having enough savings to cover family emergencies.1
Use our critical illness insurance to help with the treatment costs of life-changing illnesses and health events, so you can stay focused on recuperation.
We do everything possible to pay your claim fast, because expenses don’t wait, and neither should you.
You can choose treatment-based benefits that pay over time or lump-sum benefits paid upon initial diagnosis.
Policyholder suffers a heart attack and is transported to the hospital by ambulance.
He has heart surgery to implant a stent and is hospitalized. After leaving the hospital, he receives physical therapy.
Policyholder submits via Aflac SmartClaim® by 3pm and receives benefits in just a day.
1Middle-Income America's Perspectives on Critical Illness and Financial Security, Washington National Institute for Wellness Solutions, April 2013.
In Arkansas, Policies A73100AR, A7310HAR, Rider A73050. In Idaho, Policies A73100ID, A7310HID. In Oklahoma, Policies A73100OK, A7310HOK. In Texas, Policies A73100TX, A7310HTX. Policies may not be available in all states–including but not limited to residents of NJ. The policies have limitations and exclusions that may affect benefits payable. Refer to the policies for complete details, limitations, and exclusions. For costs, complete details of the coverage and for policies available in your state, please contact your local Aflac agent.
Benefits payable under the policy will be reduced by one-half for losses that begin on or after the 75th birthday of a covered person. Aflac will not pay benefits for any loss that is caused by a pre-existing condition, unless it begins more than 12 months after the effective date of coverage. Benefits are payable for only one covered loss at a time per covered person. Aflac will not pay benefits for any loss that is diagnosed or treated outside the territorial limits of the United States, its possessions, or the countries of Canada and Mexico. Aflac will not pay benefits whenever coverage provided by the policy is in violation of any U.S. economic or trade sanctions. If the coverage violates U.S. economic or trade sanctions, such coverage shall be null and void. For any benefit to be payable, the onset date of the loss must occur on or after the effective date of coverage and while coverage is in force. If more than one loss per covered person occurs on the same day, only the highest eligible benefit will be paid. Aflac will not pay benefits whenever fraud is committed in making a claim under this coverage or any prior claim under any other Aflac coverage for which you received benefits that were not lawfully due and that fraudulently induced payment.
PRE-EXISTING CONDITION LIMITATIONS A pre-existing condition is an illness, disease, infection, disorder, or injury for which, within the 12-month period before the effective date of coverage, prescription medication was taken or medical testing, medical advice, consultation, or treatment was recommended or received, or for which symptoms existed that would ordinarily cause a prudent person to seek diagnosis, care, or treatment. Benefits for a loss that is caused by a pre-existing condition will not be covered unless the onset date is more than 12 months after the effective date of coverage
Benefits payable under the policy will be reduced by one-half for losses that begin on or after the 75th birthday of a covered person. Aflac will not pay benefits for any loss that is caused by a pre-existing condition, unless it begins more than 12 months after the effective date of coverage. Benefits are payable for only one covered loss at a time per covered person. Aflac will not pay benefits for any loss that is diagnosed or treated outside the territorial limits of the United States, its possessions, or the countries of Canada and Mexico. For any benefit to be payable, the onset date of the loss must occur on or after the effective date of coverage and while coverage is in force. If more than one loss per covered person occurs on the same day, only the highest eligible benefit will be paid.
PRE-EXISTING CONDITION LIMITATIONS A pre-existing condition is an illness, disease, infection, disorder, or injury for which, within the six-month period before the effective date of coverage, prescription medication was taken or medical testing, medical advice, consultation, or treatment was recommended or received from a physician. Benefits for a loss that is caused by a pre-existing condition will not be covered unless the onset date is more than 12 months after the effective date of coverage.
93% of Americans believe good dental care is important to their overall health.1
Aflac will not pay benefits for any claims incurred during the first twelve months for Pre-existing Conditions. Benefits are payable for only one covered Loss at a time per Covered Person. Aflac will not pay benefits for any Loss that is diagnosed or treated outside the territorial limits of the United States, its possessions, or the countries of Canada and Mexico. Aflac will not pay benefits whenever coverage provided by the policy is in violation of any U.S. economic or trade sanctions. If the coverage violates U.S. economic or trade sanctions, such coverage shall be null and void. For any benefit to be payable, the Onset Date of the Loss must occur on or after the Effective Date of coverage and while coverage is in force. If more than one Loss per Covered Person occurs on the same day, only the highest eligible benefit will be paid. Aflac will not pay benefits whenever fraud is committed in making a claim under this coverage.
PRE-EXISTING CONDITION LIMITATIONS A “Pre-existing Condition” is an illness, disease, infection, disorder, or injury for which, within the 12-month period before the Effective Date of coverage, prescription medication was taken or medical testing, medical advice, consultation, or treatment was recommended by or received from a Physician, or for which symptoms existed that would ordinarily cause a prudent person to seek diagnosis, care, or treatment. Claims incurred during the first twelve months will not be covered for pre-existing conditions.
3Assumes the average cost of a gallon of whole fresh milk is $3.48*. Comparison is based on the average weekly premium for Nebraska Payroll Premium rates for industry Class A, Critical Care Protection Policy - Series A74100; Individual aged 18-35. Premiums may vary by coverage type, account, state of issue, and the election of additional/optional benefits. *Source: Bureau of Labor Statistics, March 2015.
It’s no secret that routine dental care contributes to good medical health. Our dental insurance provides benefits for a variety of services, with no networks, deductibles, or precertification requirements.
In Arkansas, Policies A82100RAR through A82400RAR. In Idaho, Policies A82100RID through A82400RID. In New York, Policies NY82100 through NY82400. In Oklahoma, Policies A82100ROK through A82400ROK. In Oregon, Policies A82100ROR through A82400ROR. In Pennsylvania, Policies A82100RPAR through A82400RPAR. In Texas, Policies A82100RTX through A82400RTX. In Virginia, Policies A82100RVA through A82400RVA. Policies may not be available in all states. The policies have limitations and exclusions that may affect benefits payable. Refer to the policies for complete details, limitations, and exclusions. For costs, complete details of the coverage and for policies available in your state, please contact your local Aflac agent.
Benefits for sealants are limited to secondary molars for Dependent Children under age 16 and will not be payable more often than every five years. No benefits will be paid for replacement of teeth missing before the Effective Date of coverage. Aflac will not pay benefits for services rendered by you or a member of the Immediate Family of a Covered Person. Aflac will not pay benefits whenever coverage provided by the policy is in violation of any U.S. economic or trade sanctions. If the coverage violates U.S. economic or trade sanctions, such coverage shall be null and void.
No benefits will be paid for replacement of teeth missing before the Effective Date of coverage. Aflac will not pay benefits for services rendered by you or a member of the Immediate Family of a Covered Person. Aflac will not pay benefits whenever coverage provided by the policy is in violation of any U.S. economic or trade sanctions. If the coverage violates U.S. economic or trade sanctions, such coverage shall be null and void.
About 1 out of 8 people seek medical attention for an injury.1
Take advantage of Aflac’s accident insurance policy to maintain peace of mind and help pay for emergency treatment, as well as for treatment‐related transportation and lodging.
Pays up to an additional 25% of the benefits payable for covered injuries that occur while participating in an organized sport. May not be available in all states
Wellness Benefit paid for routine medical exams to encourage early detection and prevention. May not be available in all states
We do everything possible to pay your claim fast, because expenses don’t wait and neither should you.
While playing in the state hockey playoffs, your child was injured and was taken into the ER by ambulance.
In Arkansas, Policies A36100AR–A36400AR, & A363OFAR. In Oklahoma, A36100OK–. A36400OK, & A363OFOK. In Texas, A36100TX–A36400TX, & A363OFTX. Policies may not be available in all states–including but not limited to residents of ID, NY, OR, PA or VA. The policies have limitations and exclusions that may affect benefits payable. Refer to the policies for complete details, limitations, and exclusions. For costs, complete details of the coverage and for policies available in your state, please contact your local Aflac agent.
Aflac will not pay benefits for services rendered by you or a member of the Immediate Family of a Covered Person. For any benefit to be payable, the Injury, treatment, or loss must occur on or after the Effective Date of coverage and while coverage is in force. Aflac will not pay benefits for treatment or loss due to Sickness including
Aflac will not pay benefits whenever coverage provided by the policy is in violation of any U.S. economic or trade sanctions. If the coverage violates U.S. economic or trade sanctions, such coverage shall be null and void. Aflac will not pay benefits whenever fraud is committed in making a claim under the coverage or any prior claim under any other Aflac coverage for which benefits were received that were not lawfully due and that fraudulently induced payment.
Aflac will not pay benefits for an Injury, treatment, or loss that is caused by or occurs as a result of a Covered Person's:
Aflac will not pay benefits for services rendered by you or a member of the Immediate Family of a Covered Person. For any benefit to be payable, the Injury, treatment, or loss must occur on or after the Effective Date of coverage and while coverage is in force. Aflac will not pay benefits whenever coverage provided by the policy is in violation of any U.S. economic or trade sanctions. If the coverage violates U.S. economic or trade sanctions, such coverage shall be null and void. Aflac will not pay benefits whenever fraud is committed in making a claim under the coverage or any prior claim under any other Aflac coverage for which benefits were received that were not lawfully due and that fraudulently induced payment.
Add accident insurance coverage to help offset costs that may not be covered under your employer's existing medical plan.
Yes, you can use your benefit payment as you see fit. Use it to help cover your household bills, medical insurance deductibles, copayments and more.
Payments will be paid directly to you, not to the doctors, hospitals or other health care providers. You will receive a check, payable to you, for maximum convenience.
Accidents can happen any time, to anyone and when you least expect them – and they can be costly. Even quality medical plans can leave you with extra expenses to pay. Costs like plan deductibles, copays for doctor visits and extra costs for out-of-network care can add up fast. Having the financial support you may need when the time comes means less worry for you and your family.
Yes. If your employer offers accident insurance, your acceptance is guaranteed, regardless of your health. You just need to be actively at work for your coverage to be effective.5There are no medical exams to take and no health questions to answer.
No. This supplemental Insurance will be effective on the date of your coverage as long as you are actively at work. There are no waiting periods to satisfy.
Yes. Once all required information is received, claims are generally processed within 10 business days. Only one claim form is needed per accident and every claim is reviewed by a claims professional.
Learn about workplace benefits that can provide an additional level of coverage and protection.
Lessen the burden of out-of-pocket expenses when faced with a serious illness.
1 Covered services/treatments must be the result of an accident or sickness as defined in the group policy/certificate. See your Disclosure Statement or Outline of Coverage/Disclosure Document for more details.
2 Hospital does not include certain facilities such as nursing homes, convalescent care or extended care facilities. See MetLife's Disclosure Statement or Outline of Coverage/Disclosure Document for full details.
3 The lodging benefit is not available in all states. It provides a benefit for a companion accompanying a covered insured while hospitalized, provided that lodging is at least 50 miles from insured's primary residence.
4 Coverage is guaranteed provided (1) the employee is actively at work and (2) dependents to be covered are not subject to medical restrictions as set forth on the enrollment form and in the Certificate. Some states require the insured to have medical coverage. Additional restrictions apply to dependents serving in the armed forces or living overseas.
5 Eligibility for portability through the Continuation of Insurance with Premium Payment provision may be subject to certain eligibility requirements and limitations. For more information, contact your MetLife representative.
© 2017 Metropolitan Life Insurance Company, New York, NY 10166 - All Rights Reserved.
Add critical illness insurance to help offset expenses that may not be covered under your employer's existing medical insurance and disability plans.
Yes, you can use your payment as you see fit. Use it to help cover your household bills, medical insurance deductibles, copayments and more.
Critical illnesses can happen when you least expect them – and they can be costly. Even quality medical plans can leave you with extra expenses to pay. Costs like plan deductibles, copays for doctor visits and extra costs for out-of-network care can add up fast. Having the financial support you may need when the time comes means less worry for you and your family.
Yes. If your employer offers critical illness insurance, your acceptance is guaranteed, regardless of your health. You just need to be actively at work for your coverage to be effective.3There are no medical exams to take and no health questions to answer.
1 Coverage for Domestic Partners, civil union partners and reciprocal beneficiaries varies by state. Dependent child coverage varies by state. Please contact MetLife for more information.
2 Eligibility for portability through the Continuation of Insurance with Premium Payment provision may be subject to certain eligibility requirements and limitations. For more information, contact your MetLife representative
3 Coverage is guaranteed provided (1) the employee is actively at work and (2) dependents to be covered are not subject to medical restrictions as set forth on the enrollment form and in the Certificate. Some states require the insured to have medical coverage. Additional restrictions apply to dependents serving in the armed forces or living overseas. For CA sitused cases, coverage is guaranteed provided (1) the employee is performing all of the usual and customary duties of the employee's job at the employer's place of business or at an alternate place approved by the employer (2) dependents are not subject to medical restrictions as set forth on the enrollment form and in the Certificate.
MetLife's Critical Illness Insurance is not intended to be a substitute for Medical Coverage providing benefits for medical treatment, including hospital, surgical and medical expenses. MetLife's Critical Illness Insurance does not provide reimbursement for such expenses.
Add cancer insurance to help offset expenses that may not be covered under your employer's existing medical insurance and disability plans.
Cancer can affect anyone – and treatment can be costly. Even quality medical plans can leave you with extra expenses to pay. Costs like plan deductibles, copays for doctor visits and extra costs for out-of-network care can add up fast. Having the financial support you may need when the time comes means less worry for you and your family.
Yes. If your employer offers cancer insurance, your acceptance is guaranteed, regardless of your health. You just need to be actively at work for your coverage to be effective.3 There are no medical exams to take and no health questions to answer.
1 The Health Screening Benefit is not available in all states. See your certificate for any applicable waiting periods. There is a separate mammogram benefit for MT residents and for cases sitused in CA and MT.
2 There is a Benefit Suspension Period between Recurrences. We will not pay a Recurrence Benefit for a Covered Condition that Recurs during a Benefit Suspension Period. We will not pay a Recurrence Benefit for either a Full Benefit Cancer or a Partial Benefit Cancer unless the Covered Person has not had symptoms of or been treated for the Full Benefit Cancer or Partial Benefit Cancer for which we paid an Initial Benefit during the Benefit Suspension Period.
3 Coverage is guaranteed provided (1) the employee is actively at work and (2) dependents are not subject to medical restrictions set forth on the enrollment form and in the Certificate. Some states require the insured to have medical coverage. Additional restrictions apply to dependents serving in the armed forces or living overseas. For CA sitused cases, coverage is guaranteed provided (1) the employee is performing all of the usual and customary duties of the employee's job at the employer's place of business or at an alternate place approved by the employer (2) dependents are not subject to medical restrictions as set forth on the enrollment form and in the Certificate.
4 Eligibility for portability through the Continuation of Insurance with Premium Payment provision may be subject to certain eligibility requirements and limitations. For more information, contact your MetLife representative.
Add hospital indemnity insurance to help offset hospitalization expenses that may not be covered under your employer’s existing medical plan.
Yes, you can use your benefit payment as you see fit. Use it to help cover your household bills, medical insurance deductibles, copayments, and more.
Staying in the hospital after an accident or illness can be costly. Even quality medical plans can leave you with extra expenses to pay. Costs like plan deductibles, copays for doctor visits and extra costs for out-of-network care can add up fast. Having the financial support you may need when the time comes means less worry for you and your family.
Yes. If your employer offers hospital indemnity insurance, your acceptance is guaranteed, regardless of your health. You just need to be actively at work for your coverage to be effective.3There are no medical exams to take and no health questions to answer.
1 Hospital does not include certain facilities such as nursing homes, convalescent care or extended care facilities. See your Disclosure Statement or Outline of Coverage/Disclosure Document for full details.
2 Coverage is guaranteed provided (1) the employee is actively at work and (2) dependents to be covered are not subject to medical restrictions as set forth on the enrollment form and in the Certificate. Some states require the insured to have medical coverage. Additional restrictions apply to dependents serving in the armed forces or living overseas.
3 Eligibility for portability through the Continuation of Insurance with Premium Payment provision may be subject to certain eligibility requirements and limitations. For more information, contact your MetLife representative.
In the event of an accident or illness, this additional insurance through your employer can help with expenses that may not be covered by your health plan.
Hospital does not include certain facilities such as nursing homes, convalescent care or extended care facilities. See MetLife's Disclosure Statement or Outline of Coverage/Disclosure Document for full details.
Supplemental cancer insurance and supplemental critical illness insurance provide benefits in addition to any existing major medical coverage you may have. A critical illness can be anything from a heart attack to an organ transplant or a loss of sight or hearing.
Cancer insurance policies can help offset some of the costs associated with a cancer diagnosis. Some policies pay a lump-sum benefit; others pay specific benefit amounts for various expenses.
United American offers cancer insurance and critical illness insurance. United American offers a supplemental Cash Benefit Cancer Plan (CANLS2) and HealthGuard (CILS) critical illness insurance that upon written satisfactory proof of first diagnosis of cancer or critical illness, will pay from $10,000 up to $50,000 cash to be used as you choose. You can use the money to assist with medical costs, experimental procedures, travel expenses, income while you are not working – you decide.
The Cash Cancer Plan and HealthGuard critical illness insurance have policy coverage options for individuals, single parents or families. The policies pay in addition to any other coverage.
Contact United American Insurance Company for life, supplemental health, and Medicare Supplement insurance questions.
United American Insurance Company believes people need a live insurance professional to answer questions about existing life and supplemental health insurance policies.
Learn what you need to know to purchase the insurance policy that is right for you.
Medicare Supplement plans are regulated by the State Department of Insurance and offered by private insurance companies. These plans are separate from Medicare Part A and Part B. Medicare Part A is required coverage and Part B is optional. Medicare Supplements are purchased to provide extra insurance coverage in addition to Medicare Part A and Part B.
Some states require designated Medicare Supplement plans also be available to people under age 65 and eligible for Medicare due to disability (different application forms may be required). Policy benefits are identical for people over or under age 65. Premiums are based on Preferred or Standard, age, sex, State/Area.
In the process of providing the products and services you requested, we will collect, use and share certain information you provided. The Privacy Policy explains what information we collect and how we use that information. The policy also explains how we protect the security and confidentiality of your information.
Want to know more about Medicare Part A and Part B? Visit www.medicare.gov for more information.
This is a solicitation for insurance and you may be contacted by an agent representing United American Insurance Company.
Why Do I Need This Protection? Most people lose their healthcare coverage when they retire. Medicare covers some of the healthcare costs, but not all. A single hospital stay can leave you responsible for thousands of dollars. A Medicare Supplement plan would help pay some of the cost. For example, some Medicare Supplement plans cover the Medicare Part A deductible and excess doctor’s charges. Excess doctor’s charges, as defined by Medicare, are charges not approved by Medicare that you are still responsible for paying.
Contact a local Agent to learn more details about our plans today! United American is not connected with or endorsed by the U.S. Government or the federal Medicare program.
Genworth to Be Acquired by China Oceanwide
Genworth to be acquired by China Oceanwide: Read a message from Genworth’s CEO and President
Since writing our first policy in 1871 as The Life Insurance Company of Virginia, we've been committed to helping people achieve and protect the comfort of financial security. Today, even in this challenging environment, Genworth is strategically focused on helping more people realize the dream of homeownership and navigate the financial challenges of aging. For millions of people across the U.S., we provide financial security and protection through long term care funding solutions. Our mortgage insurance can help you secure low down payment loans and realize the dream of home ownership faster – even for the first time. When you’re financially secure, you have the freedom to get where you want to go— no matter what path you want to take. With Genworth, you’ll never have to go it alone. Genworth is headquartered in Richmond, Virginia, and we conduct business in all 50 states. Our main office locations in the U.S. are Lynchburg, VA, Raleigh, NC, Richmond, VA, and Stamford, CT. See below to learn more about our Commitment, Industry Expertise, Corporate Social Responsibility and Ratings.
Learn about the trends we’re seeing in the Long Term Care and Housing industries.
See how we’re making our workplace, our communities, and our world stronger.
Meet the Genworth Leadership Team Access quarterly earnings releases Learn about working at Genworth
Our financial products are offered/underwritten by one or more of the following: Genworth Life and Annuity Insurance Company; Genworth Life Insurance Company; Genworth Life Insurance Company of New York (only Genworth Life Insurance Company of New York is admitted in and conducts business in New York); Genworth Mortgage Insurance Corporation; Genworth Financial Mortgage Insurance Pty Limited; Genworth Financial Mortgage Insurance Limited; Genworth Residential Mortgage Insurance Corporation of NC; Genworth Financial Assurance Corporation.
What does long term care insurance cover?
Long term care (LTC) insurance benefits vary by state. Please select your state of residence below.
Long term care (LTC) insurance benefits vary by state. Please select your state of residence below.
Genworth does not currently offer individual long term care insurance in New Hampshire.
Visit www.genworth.com to view other products and services that may be available in your area.
This is a solicitation of insurance. By responding, an insurance agent/producer will contact you.
The purpose of this communication is the solicitation of insurance. Contact will be made by an agent or insurance company.
Genworth does not currently offer individual long term care insurance in Hawaii.
Visit www.genworth.com to view other products and services that may be available in your area.
Genworth does not currently offer individual long term care insurance in Massachusetts.
Genworth does not currently offer individual long term care insurance in Vermont.
Long Term Care Insurance is underwritten by Genworth Life Insurance Company (Genworth), Richmond, VA
Long Term Care Insurance is underwritten by Genworth Life Insurance Company of New York (Genworth), Administrative Office: Richmond, VA
, thank you for filling out the long term care insurance form request. You will be contacted shortly.
Long Term Care Insurance is underwritten by Genworth Life Insurance Company, Richmond, VA
This is a solicitation of insurance for policy form series ICC13-8000R1 and ICC13-8001R1. Not all policies are available in all states. Details about the cost, benefits, limitations and exclusions of these long term care insurance policies will be provided to you by a licensed insurance agent/producer. When you respond, an insurance agent/producer will contact you.
It is important that you understand what services your long term care insurance policy covers and how it covers the many types of long term care services you might need to use. Policies may cover the following:
All long term care insurance policies have limitations and exclusions. It's best to review these with a licensed insurance agent/producer.
Long term care insurance policies may provide choices and flexibility for your long term care needs. The cost of a long term care insurance policy depends, in part, on the type and amount of services and benefits you choose to cover, your age, and your health.
*Individual stories and quotes are fictitious and are used for demonstrative purposes only. 1 Long Term Care Claims Experience Data for Genworth Life Insurance Company and affiliates - December 1974 through December 2015.
I never thought I could afford insurance for long term care. But when I considered what funding care myself could cost, insurance was really the affordable, sensible approach.*
Plan 65 — Medicare Supplemental Health Coverage
Over $13 Billion: Total Claims paid by Genworth's long term care insurance business since 19741.
Here are some essentials you need to know before getting started with a Plan 65 Medicare supplemental plan:
You may be able to save because of where you live!
What you need to do to prepare for Medicare
Turning 65 soon? Follow these steps to prepare for Medicare:
As you approach age 65, do you know how Medicare works?
Harry broke his leg and was admitted to his local hospital for treatment.
Compare and select from Plans A, C, F, G, K or N offered here by Blue Cross and Blue Shield of Kansas
9-12 months prior to your 65th birthday
It can be overwhelming, but it doesn't have to be. Blue Cross and Blue Shield of Kansas (BCBSKS) is here to help make the transition to Medicare as smooth as possible for you.
Medicare does not cover all health care expenses. That's why BCBSKS created Plan 65 — a supplemental plan to help bridge the gaps in Medicare coverage. If you have Medicare and you purchase an additional Plan 65 Supplement Plan, Medicare will pay its share of the Medicare-approved amount for covered health care costs, and then your Plan 65 policy pays its share. Our plans are designed specifically to supplement the expenses Medicare does not pay, so you have less out-of-pocket expenses to worry about.
What Harry will have to pay (includes $183 deductible and 20% of all other charges) = $546.40
* These amounts paid by BCBSKS are based on the Plan F supplemental plan. The amounts paid may vary based on the supplemental plan you choose.
To apply for one of our Plan 65 plans, you must already be enrolled in Medicare Parts A and B. If you are not yet enrolled in Medicare, contact your local Social Security Office.
This covers you when you're a patient in a hospital or skilled nursing facility. You're eligible for Part A if you or your spouse paid into Social Security for at least 10 years through your employment, and you are a citizen or permanent resident of the United States. Part A is free for most people, but it does have a substantial deductible and copayments.
There are multiple ways that you can be guaranteed coverage for a Plan 65 plan. For example, if you apply within six months of your Part B effective date or if you are coming off a group policy, you have 63 days from coming off your group policy to apply.
This covers your physician services, outpatient treatment, lab services and more. This coverage requires a monthly premium, which most people have deducted from their Social Security check, plus an annual deductible and coinsurance to pay.
In order to get coverage for your prescription drugs, you may consider a Medicare Prescription Drug Plan (Part D). This is a separate plan that only covers prescription drugs.
This covers your prescription drug needs. Short-term or long-term, brand name or generic, your prescriptions are covered.
Currently a BCBSKS member enrolled in Blue MedicareRx? Here are some things for you:
* Plan F also has an option called a high deductible plan F. This high deductible plan pays the same benefits as plan F after one has paid a calendar year deductible of $2,200. Benefits from high deductible plan F will not begin until out-of-pocket expenses exceed $2,200. Out-of-pocket expenses for this deductible are expenses that would ordinarily be paid by the policy. These expenses include the Medicare deductible for Part A and Part B, but do not include the plan’s separate foreign travel emergency deductible.
** Plans K and L provide for different cost-sharing for items and services than Plans A-G and M-N. Once you reach the annual limit, the plan pays 100% of the Medicare copayments, coinsurance, and deductibles for the rest of the calendar year. The out-of-pocket annual limit does NOT include charges from your provider that exceed Medicare-approved amounts, called “Excess Charges.” You will be responsible for paying excess charges.
Dollar amounts shown are for 2017 premiums and may change on January 1, 2018.
Our Plan 65-Select plans are available in “select” counties throughout Kansas. To see if the county you live in is eligible for our Select plans, review our hospital list here.
Plan 65-Select plans offer a lower monthly premium* and hospital network limitations. In other words, you can reduce your premium if you agree to use a "select" network hospital in the service area where you enroll for all hospital care that is not an emergency. If you receive non-emergency hospital services at a non-network hospital, you will be responsible for payment of the Part A deductible and applicable coinsurance charges.
If your doctor does not have admitting privileges to a network hospital, you must have your doctor refer you to another doctor who has admitting privileges to a network hospital. Or you may choose another doctor who can admit you to a network hospital.
If you move outside of the hospital network service area, you may continue to use a network hospital. If your move is permanent and it's no longer convenient for you to use a network hospital, you have the opportunity to convert to a Plan 65 non-restricted policy.
Having Medicare Part A and Part B is a good start to the coverage you need, but did you know the out-of-pocket expenses can sky rocket without a Medicare supplemental plan to help cover other costs? This chart will help you see where Medicare benefits stop and your responsibility begins.
All blood except the Medicare calendar year blood deductible (first 3 pints) if the deductible is not met by the blood replacement
Medicare's calendar year blood deductible (first 3 pints) if the deductible is not met by the blood replacement
Medicare requires you to pay a $183** calendar year deductible, then pays 80% of Medicare-approved charges after you satisfy this deductible
$183** annual deductible, then pay the 20% of Medicare-approved charges NOT paid by Medicare
Care Received in a Foreign Country (except in some parts of Canada & Mexico)
A one-time routine physical within six months of joining Medicare at age 65; coverage of screening blood tests for the early detection of cardiovascular disease; coverage of diabetes screening tests for persons at risk
Medicare has established a standard basic benefit under Part D to help beneficiaries pay for prescription drugs. If you want the benefit, you need to join a private plan
*This is the 2017 deductible and copayment for Medicare Part A (Hospital and Skilled Nursing Facility Care) and may change on January 1, 2018.
**This is the 2017 deductible for Medicare Part B and may change on January 1, 2018.
†After 90 days of hospitalization, Medicare benefits are paid from a one-time lifetime reserve of 60 additional days, which are not renewable each benefit period. Here is a list of key services not covered by Plan 65 Benefit Plans: custodial and intermediate nursing home care costs; most dental care and hospital admissions for such care; routine physical examinations and tests, routine foot care and immunizations except injection of pneumococcal vaccine, mammograms and prostate exams; hearing aids, eyeglasses or contact lenses and examinations about them; and benefits considered medically unnecessary.
There are things you can be doing now to prepare for Medicare when you turn 65. Let's look at what you can be doing throughout the year before turning 65.
Meet with the employee benefits manager if you are still working (or at a former job) to discuss retiree health benefits.
Ask your doctors if they participate in Medicare and if they accept Medicare assignment.
Get health insurance quotes for Medicare supplemental plans. You are guaranteed acceptance with BCBSKS when enrolling within six months of your Part B effective date or 65th birthday.
Apply for Medicare benefits (Part A and B) if retiring at age 65 (and not already receiving Social Security benefits) three months before your 65th birth month.
Enroll in a Medicare supplemental plan. Remember – Medicare supplemental plans do not cover prescription drugs. This would need to be purchased separately. Learn more here.
Being the insurer Kansans trust with their health, more than 104,000 Kansans over age 65 enjoy our Plan 65 coverage. Here are some of the many advantages you can expect as a member of Plan 65:
Blue Cross and Blue Shield of Kansas is an independent licensee of the Blue Cross Blue Shield Association.
Blue Cross and Blue Shield of Kansas serves all counties in Kansas except Johnson and Wyandotte.
If you experience broken links on this site or have any questions or comments please notify our Webmaster.
Note: documents in Portable Document Format (PDF) require Adobe Acrobat Reader 5.0 or higher to view, download Adobe Acrobat Reader, download Microsoft Word Viewer 2007 to view Word (.doc) documents.
Please note: The BlueAccess secure portal will be unavailable due to a scheduled maintenance from 6 a.m. through 11 a.m., on Sunday, June 11. We apologize for the inconvenience.
Many of us worry about who would take care of us if something happens, and no one wants to be a burden. Long term care (LTC) is the assistance or supervision you may need when you are not able to do some of the basic activities of daily living (ADL) such as:
*Individual stories and quotes are fictitious and are used for demonstrative purposes only.
The Benefits of Owning a Medicare Supplement Insurance Policy
Find a phone number Find a Phone Number
Find an agent or producer Find an Agent*
If you're looking to grow in your career, Mutual of Omaha can provide that opportunity.
Sign in to your personal account to pay your bill, change your billing options and view your Medicare supplement explanation of benefits.
Our products and services may vary by state. In order to give you accurate information, we need to know where you're located. So we ask that you verify your ZIP code. If you prefer not to provide it, you can reach out to us for information about products available in your state.
Note: If you're searching on behalf of someone else, be sure to enter their ZIP code to ensure the results we provide are appropriate for that person's location.
As you consider your health care coverage choices, you want to be sure you understand how each one works, its benefits and your share of the costs. Here’s a brief look at how Medicare supplement insurance differs from other coverages.
Your Medicare supplement and Medicare Parts A and B work together to minimize your share of health care costs. Even unexpected medical events aren’t likely to impact your financial health. Plus, as Medicare deductibles, copayments and coinsurance increase, your Medicare supplement benefits also increase to help meet your eligible expenses (depending on the plan you choose).
Keep your doctors and hospitals. Any health care provider that accepts Medicare patients accepts our Medicare supplement insurance. You won’t worry about finding network providers or getting referrals to see specialists.
When your health care providers accept Medicare, they bill Medicare for the approved services. Medicare pays their share and we pay the rest. The entire process is electronic so your claims are paid quickly. And, you virtually don’t write any checks.
Your coverage renews as long as you pay the premiums on time and make no material misrepresentations on the application (premiums are subject to change). What’s more, your Medicare Parts A and B and Medicare supplement benefits aren’t impacted by the annual Medicare open enrollment or the Affordable Care Act annual election period every fall.
Just like Medicare, your Medicare supplement insurance covers your health care needs anywhere in the United States. That way, you can visit family and friends anywhere you choose.
Some Medicare supplement insurance plans provide limited medically necessary emergency care outside the country. (Benefit is subject to a $250 deductible, 20 percent coinsurance and a lifetime maximum of $50,000.)
You may be eligible for our household premium discount. Get an instant quote and see.
Side by side, Plans F and G include the same benefits, except Plan G doesn’t pay the $183 Medicare Part B deductible, you do. To compare, add the total annual premium for both plans and add the annual Part B deductible. If you're willing to pay the Part B deductible yourself, our Plan G may be a good option for you.
You have two Medicare insurance coverage choices
Medicare Part A helps cover the following:
Medicare Part B helps cover some medically necessary services like:
A Medicare Advantage Plan (like an HMO or PPO) is another health coverage choice you may have as part of Medicare.
You have out-of-pocket costs with Original Medicare
Medicare supplement insurance helps you pay your out-of-pocket costs
Works with Original Medicare Parts A and B
When You can Apply for Medicare Supplement Insurance
People under 65 with certain disabilities, including End Stage Renal Disease
You usually don’t pay a monthly premium for Medicare Part A coverage if you or your spouse paid Medicare taxes while working.
Medicare eligible expenses shall mean expenses of the kinds covered by Medicare Parts A and B to the extent recognized as reasonable and medically necessary by Medicare.
Medicare Part D is a prescription drug option run by private insurance companies approved by and under contract with Medicare to help cover the cost of prescription drugs. It may help lower your prescription drug costs and help protect against higher costs in the future.
An amount you may be required to pay as your share of the cost for services after you pay any deductibles. Coinsurance is usually a percentage (for example, 20%).
An amount you may be required to pay as your share of the cost for a medical service or supply. A copayment is usually a set amount, for example, you might pay $10 or $20 for a doctor’s visit or prescription drug.
A Medicare supplement insurance policy, also known as a Medigap policy, helps pay your share (coinsurance, copayments or deductibles) of the costs of Medicare-covered services. Some Medicare supplement policies cover certain costs not covered by Original Medicare Parts A and B.
Medicare supplement insurance companies can only sell you a standardized Medicare supplement policy identified by letters A through N. Each standardized Medicare supplement insurance policy must offer the same basic benefits, no matter which insurance company sells it. Cost and customer service are usually the only difference between Medicare supplement policies sold by different insurance companies.
You can apply for a Medicare supplement insurance policy just about any time you're eligible for Medicare and enrolled in Medicare part B, including when:
ANN:Good thing we have just two main choices for our Medicare health insurance, huh?(Laughs)I couldn’t handle any more.
BOB): I see our optionsas two roads we could take,and we’re at the crossroads.
ANN: Oh, that’s a good analogy. How about I tell you what I learned about Medicare Advantage plans.
BOB: Andthen, I’ll take us down the road of Original Medicare and Medicare supplements.
ANN: Deal. I found out that Medicare allowssome insurance companies to provide Medicare’scoverage through Medicare Advantage plans.
ANN: We would get our Medicare Part A hospital insurance and Part B medical insurance through the Medicare Advantage plan.
BOB: So whatever Medicare helps cover, the Medicare Advantage plan does, too.
BOB: I see. Like the HMO we had through work. Do any plans have coverage in addition to what Medicareprovides?
ANN: Uh huh. Any given plan could offer extraslike vision, hearing and even wellness programs.
ANN: We’d pay our Medicare Part B premium for sure. Then it just depends on the plan. We might pay a monthly plan premium –I saw that some don’t charge a premium at all. There could be deductibles to pay.
BOB: Okay. We’ll take a closer look at those details later. What about drug coverage?
BOB: Sure. In this case,we’d get our hospital and/or medical insurance coverage directly from Medicare.
BOB: Just like with Medicare Advantage, we’d pay our Medicare Part B premium. Plus we’d pay Medicare’s deductibles and copayments or coinsurance for some services.
ANN: So we’d pay some charges with Original Medicare, too. Are prescription drugs included?
BOB: No, if we decide we need coverage, we’ll join a Medicare prescription drug plan for a monthly premium.
BOB: Agreed. Our other choice on this road is whether to buy a Medicare supplement insurance policy.
BOB: Oh good, we’ll ask her about it. So, we know Medicare has deductibles and coinsurance that we would pay before Medicare benefits kick in. A Medicare supplement helps pay those expenses for us.
BOB: No. We’d buy policies through private insurance companies. In fact, companies can offer up to ten standardized plans. Each named Medicare supplement insurance policy must have thesame benefits, no matter which company sells it.
ANN: Oh, I get it. A Medicare supplement Plan G from company number one is the same Plan G company number two has.
BOB: Yeah, plus we can see anyone or use any hospital accepting Medicare patients.
BOB: We’d pay a policy premium, which varies by plan and company. And, we’d pay whatever else Medicare and the Medicare supplement we select don’t completely cover. For example, some policies don’t pay the Part B deductible.
BOB: There is. Some companies offer premium discounts to people who live together.
ANN: Hmmm, that’s good to know. That was helpful. What do you think? Those are our options for getting our Medicare insurance coverage.
BOB: Okay, now here’s the recap for Original Medicare. We get our coverage directly from Medicare. We can see anybody who accepts Medicare patients. And, don’t need referrals for specialists. Medicare has a Part B premium, deductibles and copayments
Bob:Me, too. Now we can dig a little deeper in to a few things and decide which road makes the most sense for us.
Anthem is working to transform health care with trusted and caring solutions. Our health plan companies deliver quality products and services that give their members access to the care they need. With over 74 million people served by its affiliated companies, including approximately 40 million within its family of health plans, Anthem is one of the nation’s leading health benefits companies.
Today more than ever, health insurers are called upon to apply their knowledge and skills in keeping medical expenses under control and making quality healthcare accessible to as many people as possible. Drawing on vast experience and resources on all levels of the healthcare insurance and service value chain, Munich Re is the ideal partner in mastering these challenges. To this end, Munich Re exploits the synergies between the fields of business of insurance, reinsurance and risk management services, and draws on global expertise to meet local requirements.
Munich Re houses the collected healthcare knowledge of the group and is thus with integrated solutions taking advantage of a unique growth potential along the complete value chain. Our spectrum ranges from cost and risk management to tailored healthcare services and tools.
This publication is available exclusively to Munich Re clients. Please contact your Client Manager.
Munich Health - Business Analytics - Profile
See the opportunities and risks of tomorrow
Good reasons to implement a predictive modeling solution from Munich Re Tailored to your needs
Imagine being able to identify tomorrow’s cost drivers and business opportunities. Imagine a tool that enables you to conduct comprehensive analyses and generate statisticsbased prognoses. Imagine knowing today
In our Business Analytics solutions, Munich Re offers you a set of key management instruments that place you in a position to prepare for future developments - and turn knowledge into business.
A selection from our product and service range
Based on our unique, integrated focus on risk carrying and risk management in health, Munich Re delivers individual, sustainable solutions. The special combination of resources we offer enables our clients to achieve success and security in their respective markets.
Today more than ever, health insurers are called upon to apply their knowledge and skills in keeping medical expenses under control and making quality healthcare accessible to as many people as possible.
NORMRISK Health is a state-of-the-art tool for assessing individual health insurance risks. The service places sophisticated and internationally recognised health risk knowledge at your underwriters fingertips.
In our Business Analytics solutions, we you a set of key management instruments that place you in a position to prepare for future developments – and turn knowledge into business.
Munich Health - Normrisk Health - Profile
Successful underwriting in todays complex private health insurance market demands simplicity and effectiveness. Because in todays competitive and growing health insurance market, accurate risk assessment coupled with swift and straight-forward application processing separates forward-looking, client-centred insurers from those still stuck in the old paradigm. Efficient and accurate medical underwriting can do more than streamline your workflows – it can secure business growth and profit. NORMRISK Health is a state-of-the-art tool for assessing individual health insurance risks. The service places sophisticated and internationally recognised health risk knowledge at your underwriters fingertips. Good reasons to choose NORMRISK Health: Reliability
Safeguarding your health is one of the most important choices you can make for yourself and for your family. From the preventive care that helps to reduce the risk of something more serious to coverage in the event of critical illness, Pan-American Life’s individual health products help you to live life to the fullest.
These insurance plans are designed to provide supplemental benefits by covering costs like deductibles, coinsurance, and copayments that aren’t part of your Medicare coverage.
To learn more about the health insurance solutions that Pan-American Life offers in the United States, click here to contact the Pan-American Life office nearest to you.
Finally, a plan that offers access to natural health services such as acupuncture, Chinese medicine, therapeutic massage, naturopathic medicine, and other therapeutic methods.
Conventional medicine care provided by family medicine specialists, Chinese medicine, and acupuncture.
Acupuncture is based in the body’s ability to regenerate and cure itself through stimulus produced by the insertion and manipulation of needled or other instrument in determined points in the skin. These points have been clinically defined for therapeutic purposes.
Massage therapy is based on the holistic conception of the human being. It perceives illness as the breakage of the constant flow of energy, nutrients, and wellness that guarantees the optimal health. A combination of specialized technique’s using, the hands, elbows, and some auxiliary instruments are used to activate the body’s blood flow and the energy needed to promote the reconstitution of the patient’s health.
Consists in the use of plants or plant’s byproducts with curative properties for the treatment of illnesses. This therapy has different administration forms, including tea infusions, capsules, injections, tinctures, suppositories, compresses, baths or lotions. It is also known as herbology, or herbal remedies medicine.
It uses the therapeutic, psychological, and physiological properties of pure essential oils through different methods: by inhalation, diffusers, compresses, aroma-therapeutic massage, and mud poultices (in specific zones) to obtain the adequate balance between mind, body, and spirit to achieve health.
Medical treatment technique used in a special sleep state or active sleep where it is possible to partially inhibit some active areas in the brain. Different from regular sleep, where the brain is inhibited in a general manner. Hypnotherapy is used to treat emotional and physical conditions.
Medical services system based on the stimulation principles of the innate healing powers of nature and our own bodies. Naturopathic medicine educates patients to take care of their own health. It uses botanical medicine, homeopathy, hydrotherapy, chelation, and acupuncture, among other therapies to treat the patient’s health conditions.
Group of healing techniques and methods based on traditional Chinese medicine. This healing system is comprised of several methods such as the stimulation of acupuncture points through different techniques like needles, laser, electricity, heat, massages (acu-pressure), magnets, bleedings, injections, auricular therapy, cranial acupuncture, Chinese herbs, nutrition and oriental foods, oriental massage (Tuina), and exercises (Q gong, Tai-chi).
It is based on the concept that the vital energy found in human beings travels through the spinal cord and that any interference to the flow of energy causes a pathology that results in illness. The chiropractor, through different spinal chord adjustment techniques, restores the normal energetic flow until the patient’s symptoms disappear partially or completely.
To learn more about Pan-American Life Insurance Group, read our most recent Corporate Brochure and 2016 Annual Report and view our corporate video
Pan-American Life Insurance Group (PALIG) is a leading provider of life, accident and health insurance. For more than 100 years, we have earned the trust of millions of customers across the Americas by delivering trusted financial security and peace of mind so they can protect what matters the most – their families, their business and their futures.
Pan-American Life Insurance Group member companies offer top-rated individual and group life, accident and health insurance, and financial services in 49 states, the District of Columbia (DC), Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands, and throughout Latin America and the Caribbean.
The Group has branches and affiliates in Costa Rica, Colombia, Ecuador, El Salvador, Guatemala, Honduras, Mexico, Panama, and 13 Caribbean markets, including Barbados, the Cayman Islands, Curaçao, and Trinidad and Tobago.
Our care coordinators will help you identify if you need a clinical or personalized consultation. If you need clinical assistance, you will be referred to the corresponding clinical services. This process ensures that you will receive the best care. MCS recommends that all mental care and substances abuse benefits be coordinated through MCS Solutions. This coordination helps to guarantee that the patient will receive the most adequate service at the less restrictive level possible as established by the Puerto Rico Mental Health Act.
Once the person accesses the required service through the indicated process, has a diagnosis, and the treatment that is medically justified, there are no limitation in services.
Yes, alcohol and/or controlled substances services are covered as part of your mental health benefits. These services are provided according to reasonable medical needs.
If you have an appointment with you psychiatrists, you should sign-up for services through our phone line before receiving any service/treatment to ensure you obtain services without limitations.
The information that will be required from you includes:1. Name of the patient2. Contract Number3. Provider’s Name4. Diagnosis5. Date in which patient started treatment6. Reason for requested service
The information share with the health consultant will be strictly confidential according to the ethical standards.
All deductibles for mental health services will be no greater than the equivalent of those charged for physical health services.
Our health and well-being are, to a large extent, the result of our actions. With this in mind, at MCS we promote physical activity and exercise, good nutrition, and prevention, as essential elements for staying healthy.
Therefore, we invite you to participate in MCS Balance. Through this innovative program, you will get: an individual health risk assessment (HRA), available for members age 18 or older, with recommendations and actions to take to keep you healthy and reduce the risks of complications. By participating, you can obtain a refund for gym memberships.
MCS Personal member complete your HRA, which will help you identify the necessary changes or modifications that you must carry out in your lifestyle, to establish a wellness plan that allows you to enjoy better health and well-being.
Members of MCS Life who acquire a MCS Personal product for 2017 will have the opportunity to receive a refund for their gym membership. The maximum refund is $40 a year, which is equivalent to $10 per month, up to a maximum of four months. In addition to being a savings for you, it will offer you the opportunity to achieve your personal fitness and body wellness goals, by promoting a healthier and more balanced life.
As an MCS member you will be able to know your medications history, view the details of your copayments, and obtain bioequivalent medications available in the market, as well as a description of the prescribed medication and its side effects.
You just have to sign-up using our secure section (My MCS) to begin to enjoy this exclusive benefit.
The pharmacy benefits is a main component of all health care services. It allows you to purchase your prescribed medications at participating drug stores. And as usual, MCS goes the extra mile to help you enjoy a better health, by also giving you:
Your pharmacy benefit also allows you to obtain prescribed medications through the mail. This program provides you a comfortable and cost effective way to request a 90-day maintenance medication supply.
Ask your doctor for a prescription for a 90-day supply n up to 90-day supply of your medication, plus refills.
Include the documents mentioned in steps 2, 3, 4 above in a self addressed and stamped envelope and put in the mail. Your medications are on their way.
1. If you are taking a maintenance medication to treat a long-term condition, ask your doctor for two prescriptions. One for enough medication to cover your immediate needs, and another one for a 90-day supply with refills (up to a one-year period, if appropriate) to be able to start using the Medications by Mail Program.
2. If you take a brand prescription, ask your doctor about generic options so you can receive the best value for your pharmacy benefit.
3. Fill out the confidential Registration and Medication Prescription Order Form and send it with your first order. This will establish your complete health profile to enable us to better serve you.
5. Include the amount corresponding to your copayment or coinsurance. Accepted payment methods include main credit cards (Visa, Master Card, Discover), check, or money order. Please, do not send cash.
6. Look for the telephone number included in your member’s ID card if you have any questions about your payment.
7. Send your prescription(s) with your filled-out Registration and Medication Prescription Order Form to:
8. Your order will be processed within a 48-hour period and will be shipped through UPS of the United States Postal Service, with instructions to reorder your medications and pre-addressed envelopes.
1. The first prescription, for a 30-day medications supply, must be presented at an MCS participating drug store to receive your medicines. This prescription is for you to have a provisional medications supply while you wait for your order.
2. The second prescription must be sent by mail in order to receive your 90-day medication supply. Your doctor can prescribed up to three refills.
Important note:Your doctor must authorize your medications refills. The prescriptions must include your doctor’s signature and license number. If not included, your prescriptions will not be able to be processed.
Mail - Fill out the reorder form, included in your original medications order, and mail it with the provided pre-addressed envelope.
Please be aware that the label of your medications and the client’s receipt will indicate the number of refills of your current prescription.
Order your medications refills at least 14 days before your current medication supply ends to give enough time to process your new order.
The Food and Drug Administration (FDA) regulates the production of all bioequivalent medications. Many of the companies that produce brand medications are the same that produce bioequivalent medications.
When you choose bioequivalent medications you help to keep the costs of your pharmacy coverage at a lower level.
MCS Medilinea is your free health consultation service, available 24 hours a day seven days a week! You’ll enjoy a telephone service managed by graduate nurses that will answer all your questions. They are prepared to guide you through your symptoms, illnesses, emergencies, or medical treatments.
Welcome to MCS Rewards, the program with exclusive discounts for our MCS members, with important discounts for you and your family in a wide variety of products and services. With alliances with different companies you will enjoy special offers throughout different seasons like, Summer, Back-to-School, Christmas, among others; great offers that will allow you to save when renting or buying goods and services.
MCS Rewards is an exclusive program for MCS members, which allows them to enjoy discounts and special offers in products and services from several participating businesses.
2. Maximizing your budget since they are tied to different dates or holidays throughout the entire year, like for example: Mother’s Day, Father’s Day, Summer, Back-to-School, Christmas, among others.
3. You only have to show your plan card; it’s not necessary to use coupons or show another type of card other than the member’s in order to receive the benefit.
The program is exclusive to the MCS members of the MCS Personal and Group (Large and small groups) business lines.
The members may begin to enjoy the program’s benefits as of their coverage start date. The program services are immediately available.
You must validate the corresponding effectiveness period of each discount since they may vary.
If you should make any changes in your coverage, within the individual or group plans, your MCS Rewards benefit will not be affected and you may continue using it.
To enjoy the MCS Rewards program benefits, you only have to show your MCS member card along with a picture ID at the time of redeeming. Each establishment will provide the discount automatically according to the offer.
No card or additional document is necessary, in addition to your MCS member card and picture ID.
The discounts, offers and benefits of the program are not transferable to third parties. They will only apply to the MCS member of the business lines MCS Personal and Group.
When you’re faced with an illness or accident, the last thing you want to worry about is your finances. GTL’s portfolio of supplemental health insurance products pay cash benefits directly to you so you can focus on what matters most – your recovery.
30-Day Free Look. If you're not completely satisfied with your Medicare Supplement Insurance policy, simply return it within 30 days after you receive it for a complete refund of all premiums paid.
12 Month Rate Guarantee. Your premiums cannot be changed due to declining health.
No Pre-Existing Condition Limitations – Coverage is available immediately.
Choose Your Own Doctor – Select the physician or specialist that you prefer rather than choosing one from a list.
Guaranteed Renewability – Medicare Supplement Insurance is guaranteed renewable for life. This means as long as premiums are paid on time, your policy can never be cancelled.
What are the member insurance coverage and association membership benefits?
Coverage includes treatment by any doctor, emergency room, clinic or hospital.
GTL’s 24-Hour Accident Insurance provides $4,000 emergency air ambulance benefits.
If a covered family member’s injury results in a loss within one year after the accident, you’ll receive accidental death and dismemberment benefits.
According to the American Health Care Association, the average length of stay for short-term care in a skilled nursing center is approximately 27 days. [6]
Based upon the National Average Monthly Costs, a one-year stay in a double occupancy room for one person is $80,304-$91,248 for single occupancy. [7]
Most plans pay benefits directly to you.
Nursing Home & Assisted Living Facility coverage provides a daily benefit amount to be payable up to 360 days.
Optional Inflation Riders were designed to help protect you from increasing health care costs.
What can the lump sum benefit help pay?
The average length of a hospital stay is six days. If your insurance plan has a copay of $250 per day, one trip to the hospital could cost you $1,500. [1]
More than 75% of healthy individuals over the age of 40 will become critically ill at some point. [2]
1 in 2 men and 1 in 3 women will develop cancer in their lifetime - 68% of cancer diagnoses overall are expected to survive at least 5 years. [3]
After being confined in the hospital for days, some people are surprised to discover their stay was categorized as “hospital observation.” GTL’s Advantage Plus covers hospital observation.
You can use the benefit funds for anything you need.
GTL’s Advantage Plus plan is guaranteed issue for ages 64 1/2 to 65 1/2 and a simple yes/no application for other ages.
Benefits are paid even if you get better or pass away.
You can claim multiple times with built-in restoration of benefits.
Coverage is guaranteed renewable for life as long as your premiums are paid on time.
Based in Fort Worth, Texas, USHEALTH Group, Inc. through its subsidiaries of Freedom Life Insurance Company of America and National Foundation Life Insurance is dedicated to providing innovative Life, Specified Disease/Sickness, Accident and Disability Insurance solutions for self-employed individuals, families, small business owners and their employees. Through its insurance companies, USHEALTH Group has served more than 15 million customers with individually tailored plans for more than 50 collective years.
When it comes to Specified Disease/Sickness and Accident coverage, the USHEALTH Group family of companies understands that every customer has different needs. We believe in choice and we believe our customers truly value the array of options we provide as they choose the protection that is most appropriate for them. To that end, we have developed a broad portfolio of coverages that promote customer choice. Our innovative product designs make the USHEALTH Group family of companies uniquely qualified to address each customer’s need for flexibility, affordability and reliability in their insurance selections.
For those customers who are either on a limited budget or are concerned about having to satisfy a high annual deductible before they receive any benefits from their insurance plan, we offer a portfolio of innovative products which provide first dollar benefits for covered services and substantial network discounts across a broad spectrum of providers. These plans are typically more affordable than more comprehensive plans, while still providing the first dollar protection and assurances that a limited protection plan offers.
For customers who want the security of a more tailored coverage approach and can afford a specified level of cost sharing, USHEALTH Group’s family of companies unique selection of Specified Disease/Sickness and Accident Plans provide welcome solutions that are flexible, affordable and reliable; the hallmarks of USHEALTH Group’s ongoing commitment to customer satisfaction.
No matter which type of health coverage they choose, we help our customers enhance their protection with our full line of ancillary products, including Critical Illness, Specified Disease/Sickness, Accident, Short Term Accident Disability Income, Income Protector, Term Life Insurance, Dental and Vision Plans.
In a marketplace characterized by high customer turnover and low customer loyalty, USHEALTH Group insurance companies differentiate themselves by creating long-term relationships with our customers, making USHEALTH Group a trusted ally that consistently delivers on its promise of dependability.
USHEALTH Group with its family of companies offers their Specified Disease/Sickness, Life and supplemental products through their wholly-owned subsidiary, USHEALTH Advisors. In the complex world of health insurance, our customers are assured of an exceptional buying experience anchored by the guidance of a licensed and trusted USHEALTH Advisors Agent, who must meet specific product training and certification standards before being authorized to represent our products.
Our commitment to personal attention has made USHEALTH Advisors a recognized world leader for business growth, innovation and customer care. Every day, more and more individuals, families and small business owners are turning to USHEALTH Advisors and USHEALTH Group to fulfill their insurance coverage needs.
Need sales assistance? To contact a Licensed Agent submit your home zip code.
USHEALTH Group Members can log into myUSHG.com, to view personalized information about: > coverage & benefits > health & wellness > treatment & cost estimates > pharmacy and RX services > and much more...
PremierChoice Secure Advantage SecureDental PremierVision MedGuard Life Protector Accident Protector Income Protector Essential Health Benefit PPO Networks
“We’re proud to have been recognized year after year with some of the most prestigious business awards, the coveted Stevie Awards. Such world-class awards demonstrate an unmistakable truth; that excellence in business doesn’t just happen…it has to be earned.”
All products are underwritten and issued by Freedom Life Insurance Company of America and National Foundation Life Insurance Company, wholly owned subsidiaries of USHEALTH Group, Inc.
We also offer Essential Health Benefit (“EHB”) Plans that are designed to provide coverage for the ten (10) categories of health care services required under the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (“ACA”).
We are flexible, affordable and secure. Our full portfolio of plans lets you tailor coverage to YOUR needs and you can rest easy knowing that, We are an innovator in the industry with over 50 Collective years of health coverage experience.
SHIP - Senior Health Insurance Company of Pennsylvania
Senior Health Insurance Company of Pennsylvania or “SHIP” supports your long-term care insurance policy. The company is domiciled in Pennsylvania and maintains its primary place of business in Carmel, Indiana. SHIP is owned by the Senior Health Care Oversight Trust, an independent trust created by the Pennsylvania Insurance Department and governed by a prestigious Board of Trustees.
SHIP operates without a profit motive. As such, its exclusive mission is to meet the servicing and claims obligations of its policyholders. SHIP’s new ownership structure will help enable the company to hold future rate increases to a lower level than if it were expected to return a profit to corporate shareholders.
What can you expect from SHIP? You can expect fair claims decisions, prompt and accurate claims decisions and payments, and courteous and accurate customer service with premiums that no longer include profit and reflect significantly reduced administrative costs.
From the facility, if you are claiming facility benefits (nursing home, assisted living):
If you are filing a new claim we will need a completed Claim Form, a completed Authorization for Use of Health-Related Information Form and any other documents contained in the Claim Information Packet that apply to your situation.
Claim Form, completed in full, signed and dated by you or your representative. If your representative completes and signs the form, please attach a copy of the appointment. Invoices or billing statements submitted by either you, your caregiver, or your facility. No benefits can be paid until a valid proof of loss (invoice or billing statement) is received by us.
Any necessary medical information will be requested by us from your licensed healthcare practitioner.
Any necessary facility information will be requested by us from your facility. Please note: Each long term care policy varies in coverage and benefits and policies by state. Be sure that you clearly understand what the benefit triggers are under you policy and the facility/provider requirements. Please contact our customer service department if you have any questions concerning your policy.
If you are filing a claim for the first time we will need a completed application for benefits packet...
A third party designee is a person of your choosing that we will notify if your policy is in jeopardy of...
Long term care insurance fraud has many characteristics and can be committed by anyone...
Welcome to Senior Health Insurance Company of Pennsylvania (SHIP). We are focused exclusively on providing high quality service and meeting the Long Term Care policy commitments of our policyholders. Senior Health Insurance Company of Pennsylvania operates without the objective of a profit, which means that customer premiums are applied to supporting service and claims, rather than returning a profit to shareholders of a corporation. In fact, Senior Health Insurance Company of Pennsylvania is owned by an independent Trust, created by the Pennsylvania Insurance Department to ensure that its mission is supported. We invite you to read more about our company, the Trust, and our exclusive commitment - to serve you, our policyholders.
How can I report fraudulent activity regarding a Senior Health Insurance Company of Pennsylvania policy?
What is needed to make an address or phone number change?
How do I file a claim for the first time?
What do I need for ongoing claims?
What is my Alternative/Alternate Plan of Care (APOC) benefit?
Are my benefits good in another State?
Why have I not received a premium notice?
Do I have a grace period on my policy premiums?
Where do I send my premium payments?
Is there an overnight premium payment address?
What options are available to lower my policy premiums?
Does Senior Health Insurance Company of Pennsylvania offer provider discounts or provider referrals?
What claim forms must be completed for every claim?
Is there any information, other than claim forms, needed to make a claim determination?
What is a Direction to Pay form?
How can I find an approved provider in my area?
Where can I get more claim forms?
Who can answer questions or concerns about the status of a claim or the claim process?
Where should I send the completed claim forms?
Senior Health Insurance Company of Pennsylvania P.O. Box 64913 St. Paul, MN 55164
A third party designee is a person of your choosing that we will notify if your policy is in jeopardy of lapsing due to nonpayment of premium.
If you are filing a claim for the first time we will need a completed application for benefits packet, which includes information from you, your doctor, and the facility or provider. You can find more information on submitting forms here.
For ongoing services to be considered please submit continued proof of loss. You can find more information about ongoing claims by contacting customer service here.
Yes. As long as you meet your eligibility for benefits under your policy, you may use your policy in any State.
Currently at this time, Senior Health Insurance Company of Pennsylvania does not accept credit card payments.
Any claim payment made on a Long Term care policy over the last year receives a 1099-LTC.
Senior Health Insurance Company of Pennsylvania, under the supervision of an Oversight Trust, exists solely for the benefit of policyholders. As both Senior Health Insurance Company of Pennsylvania and the Trust operate without profit, options can be offered to lower your premium. This is especially important when Senior Health Insurance Company of Pennsylvania, based on its claims experience, must raise rates, subject to regulatory approval, to protect policyholders.
As Senior Health Insurance Company of Pennsylvania is committed to providing alternatives to help you continue to afford coverage, options are available to decrease your policy premiums by reducing benefits including:
As a Senior Health Insurance Company of Pennsylvania policyholder, you can receive valuable support and services to help ensure you get the care you need in the setting you prefer, for the best price extending your contract benefits. You may contact us to request a list of eligible home care and nursing facility providers in your area. This program can provide you with an extensive, nationwide network of long term care providers, many of which offer service discounts and contracted hourly rates for home care providers.
Senior Health Insurance Company of Pennsylvania is committed to providing our policyholders information that can help in living independently and safely in their own homes by connecting them with free resources in their own communities through the Eldercare Locator.
The required forms are included within the Claim Information Package. Complete the first three pages of the Claim Form. Also complete page 4, the Authorization For Disclosure of Health-Related Information, if you want to authorize anyone other than the policyholder to speak with us about your claim. Please submit all of these forms to us together. PLEASE ALSO MAKE SURE THAT ITEMIZED INVOICES ARE SUBMITTED TO US. If you are filing a Home Health Care claim, the enclosed Caregiver Weekly Timesheets may be used if your provider does not supply them.
Once we receive completed claim forms, it may be necessary for us to obtain additional documentation to make an accurate determination of eligibility for benefits. The additional documentation may include, but is not limited to, physician and hospital records, the provider’s license (if applicable) and care provider notes. In all cases itemized bills must be submitted to us for benefits to be provided. It is very important to make copies of all correspondence being sent in to file the claim so that you have a record of what you have submitted. Please refer to the appropriate enclosed initial claim checklist for detailed guidance on completing the claim forms, as well as, the additional documentation we may need.
We request that the policyholder or legal representative fully complete the Policyholder Claim Form and the “Authorization For Use of Health-Related Information.” The policyholder or legal representative should also complete the “Authorization for Disclosure of Health-Related Information,” if you want to authorize us to speak to anyone other than the policyholder about this claim. Be sure to return these documents to us at the same time.
A Direction to Pay form allows us to pay your care provider directly. This is not a permanent assignment of policy benefits; you have the right to change your mind at any time in the future. This form is only required if you would like us to send any payable benefits directly to your provider. In order to assign benefits, please be advised that we will only accept the Direction to Pay form. In addition, your provider must send us a completed W-9 form (required by the IRS).
If you need assistance locating an eligible provider, please contact our Customer Service team. They will mail a list of qualified providers within 10 business days from the date of your request.
Our Customer Service Representatives will be happy to clarify policy benefits and explain the claim process, although some privacy regulations may apply. If you have questions regarding a claim, please contact us at the telephone number listed on the bottom of each claim form.
Our mailing address and fax number are located on the bottom of each claim form and on the initial claim checklist.
Are you looking for information about insurance services or asset management products?
Addressing the health and wellbeing protection needs of clients worldwide
Find out more about Allianz Group. We have put together the most important facts about our business, strategy, shareholders, management and employees.
Living abroad has its own share of challenges, without having to worry about your or your family’s healthcare. Whether you’re in Paris or Singapore, Allianz Worldwide Care ensures that you get the best healthcare treatment available.
Allianz offers a wide range of insurance and fund products to over 86 million customers in more than 70 countries.
The health and life specialists of Allianz Worldwide Partners
Our retail and corporate clients enjoy an extensive product selection in all insurance business lines, designed to protect them against any risks. We are one of the leading property and casualty insurers and are among the top five companies in life and health insurance.
Allianz Worldwide Care – making a difference
Most markets are served by local Allianz companies; in addition, there are also business areas with a global reach, for example the insurance of global corporate customers, credit insurance, assistance services and re-insurance.
As of December 31, 2016, with approximately 1,900 billion euros assets under management, we are one of the largest asset managers in the world managing assets with active investment strategies.
With Allianz your medical treatment is secure – at home and abroad. Imagine this scenario: You are in a foreign country, you get injured and you need immediate medical assistance. But you cannot understand what the doctors are saying to you.
We run the Asset Management business out of two distinct investment management businesses, Allianz Global Investors (AllianzGI) and PIMCO. Both units operate under Allianz Asset Management (AAM).
Support when and where it is needed
Particular strongholds include the United States, Germany, France, Italy, the United Kingdom and the Asia-Pacific region. As of December 31, 2016, Allianz managed 1,361 billion euros of third-party assets.
The Allianz Group Annual Report is available as PDF and in the Allianz Investor Relations App.
The figures and forecasts provided by our Allianz global research network are designed to back your decisions on investment and in finance and insurance matters.
For more information about our products and services, please log onto the Allianz Worldwide Care website
Allianz Worldwide Care offers health, life and disability insurance as well as a wide range of health and protection services to organisations and partners worldwide. Clients include SMEs, large multinationals, IGOs, NGOs and government organisations.
When offered as key elements of an employee benefits package, our products and services help our group clients to attract, retain and protect their staff.
We also have a range of international and regional healthcare plans for private individuals and families.
Our key partners include local and global intermediaries, administrators, insurers and banks. We have the flexibility to work with multiple partners and provide the perfect solution for clients. This is complemented by our experience, scale and capacity to provide reinsurance and facilitate co-insurance with other global insurers.
We received a request to evacuate a newborn baby from Yemen for emergency pediatric heart surgery. The 30 day old boy urgently required specialised surgery to treat a life threatening congenital heart defect. Unfortunately, there were no surgeons in Yemen trained in this procedure and medical evacuation was necessary.
The civil unrest and political situation in Yemen presented considerable challenges. Obtaining a medical visa for the parents and the baby proved impossible. The countries closest to Yemen that had the medical expertise required to carryout the surgery could not grant the baby and mother access. South Africa was the only centre of medical excellence that would grant the baby access by issuing a temporary medical visa on arrival.
All Yemen borders and airspace were under strict military control however we were able to meet the required criteria to allow an aircraft to enter Yemen to collect this critical baby.
Allianz Worldwide Care ensured that the baby boy, accompanied by a paediatric intensive care team and his mother, was flown by Air Ambulance from Yemen (via Saudi Arabia and Ethiopia) to South Africa where he underwent lifesaving emergency heart surgery.
Post-surgery, the resilient little patient recovered rapidly and was discharged two weeks later. Allianz Worldwide Care then organised the flights back to Qatar, where the baby and his mother were reunited with their family.
Luckily, Madame Dupont had travel insurance with Allianz Global Assistance, the emergency assistance subsidiary of Allianz. She called the local representative, who handled all the necessary steps and flew her home the next day. She was very relieved: “Something I want to say is that Allianz Global Assistance did quite a job... a great job since they flew me home even without the medical documents – knowing that the surgeon had refused to provide me with any.”
Allianz Global Assistance is the worldwide leader in assistance, travel and customer services. We cover all areas of assistance for people, automobiles, travel and the home. Our top-quality assistance services are available 24 hours a day, 365 days a year – anywhere you might be around the world.
Allianz operates as an international insurer on almost every continent. We have deep roots in our home market: Western, Northern & Southern Europe. In Central & Eastern Europe and Asia Pacific Allianz is one of the leading international insurance companies. With different emphases we are present in America and Africa.
We use cookies to give you the best possible online experience. If you continue, we’ll assume you are happy for your web browser to receive all cookies from our website. See our cookie policy for more information on cookies and how to manage them.
Put your driving to the test with Aviva Drive, where safer drivers can make great savings on their car insurance.
Take a look at our four Ready-made funds designed for all risk attitudes.
Verify your details online to make sure you don’t lose track of any pensions held with us.
With over 31 million customers worldwide, we can help to find you the right healthcare cover for you and your business.
Not sure what cover your business needs?
Discover the benefits of our private health insurance.
Providing financial and emotional support on diagnosis of cancer, providing £100,000 to cover the costs of drugs not provided by the NHS, plus £5,000 paid on diagnosis of cancer.
Providing everyday support and assistance for children, including direct access to babylon mobile app, which provide skype and phone access to a registered GP, plus £5,000 on diagnosis of cancer and access to a paediatric helpline.
Get fast access to Physio when you need it. Physio Essentials offers you direct access to qualified physiotherapists on the phone who can assess your problem and offer either online support or face to face physiotherapy treatment.
Everyday core cover for injury and illness while living abroad.
Learn more about your health, fitness and wellbeing in these pages.
If you're an existing customer looking for information about your Aviva healthcare or income protection policy, you'll find details here.
Get a great deal from APRIL UK - official Health Insurance of Spire Healthcare
Why choose the inSpire Private Medical Insurance Plan?
This site uses cookies to improve your experience. They are safe and secure and never contain sensitive information. For more information click here.
The "Help" menu in the toolbar of most web browsers will tell you how to change your browser's cookie settings, including how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, and how to disable cookies altogether. Disabling cookies can reduce the site's functionality.
‘inSpire’ is the only health insurance plan designed for Spire Healthcare and allows you to receive a wide range of treatments at any Spire hospital in the UK. Following a referral from your GP, you can now go to your local Spire hospital with the peace of mind that all eligible consultations, diagnostic tests and medical procedures will be covered. Spire Healthcare is a leading provider of private healthcare, with 39 private hospitals throughout the UK.
If you are looking for an insurance provider with a solid track record of protecting its customers, you have come to the right place. Since 1997 we have gained a glowing reputation for upholding some of the toughest service standards in the industry and providing excellent service to thousands of satisfied customers. We are also part of the APRIL Group, a global insurance brand protecting more than 6 million customers worldwide.
“I have been with April for so long, I can’t remember when I joined them! Always, efficient, always pleasant, and so I find no reason to leave.”
“Wow !!! What a pleasant surprise to speak to someone who cared, knew their products, had great people skills and knew the meaning of Customer Service.”
"I've had my policy since 2000 and I've always been massively satisfied with how the company functions and responds with no hassle or fuss."
'inSpire' Private Medical Insurance Plan - a simple & comprehensive health insurance solution
> Download the inSpire Private Medical Insurance Plan Brochure
> Download the inSpire Key Facts & Policy Document
> Visit our Literature Library to view all documents
It’s important that your health insurance covers you whenever you need private healthcare.
With the ‘inSpire’ Private Medical Insurance Plan you can rest assured that if you are admitted into hospital, all in-patient and day-patient costs which are customary and reasonable will be paid in full. This includes costs for hospital accommodation, nursing care, specialist attention, tests and therapies and operating theatre fees.
You will also receive comprehensive out-patient benefits, covering those all important consultations and diagnostic tests.
Specialist consultations, pathology, x-rays, diagnostic tests, physiotherapy
Please note that there is an aggregate limit of £1m per person per policy year on total benefits payable under this plan. Benefits are payable during the policy period only.
Spire Healthcare is an award winning healthcare and hospital group, with an unrivalled reputation for providing some of the best patient care and facilities in the UK.
As a patient, you can trust Spire Healthcare to deliver exceptional care and treatment. With ‘inSpire’ you will be able to receive treatment from any of their 38 hospitals.
Why choose the 'inSpire' Private Medical Insurance Plan
Why use Spire Hospitals for your health insurance?
APRIL UK have formed a partnership with Spire Healthcare to create ‘inSpire’ - an innovative health insurance plan that combines high quality healthcare with exceptional value for money.
The ‘inSpire’ Private Medical Insurance Plan allows you to receive a wide range of treatments at any Spire Hospital throughout the UK.
Following a referral from your GP, you can now go to your local Spire Hospital with the peace of mind that all eligible consultations, surgical procedures, diagnostic tests and scans will be covered by your health insurance plan.
Spire Healthcare is a leading provider of private healthcare, with 38 private hospitals throughout the UK. The company is built on a proud heritage of over 25 years experience of running successful private hospitals.
They work with over 3,000 of the country’s most experienced consultants, surgeons and specialists to deliver tailored, personalised care. With a Spire Hospital, you will have the peace of mind that you will receive exceptional care and commitment from a provider who has earned a reputation as a leader in the healthcare field.
As we are Spire Healthcare’s chosen health insurance partner, we benefit from discounted hospital charges, which we pass onto our customers as reduced premiums.
24 hour access to a GP and a stress counsellor
Families save more with our private health insurance
Can I use the hospital I want, when I want?
Will all of my specialist's fees be covered?
Is there a difference between private health insurance and private medical insurance?
Everyone seems to offer extra benefits. What are yours?
Is there a lot of paperwork involved in making a claim?
What's the difference between an out-patient, a day-patient and an in-patient?
You are currently within Homepage > Health insurance and protection > Private health insurance
Get prompt, private treatment, so you can return to doing what you love.
Our individual private health insurance, Healthier Solutions, offers a nationwide network of hospitals and lets you choose where and when you get your treatment. It's the fast, focused way to get better.
Our cover gives you the flexibility to make the right choices for you – we can help you find the hospital and consultant that will suit you best.
Aviva is the UK’s biggest insurance provider. We’ve been protecting people against the fear of uncertainty for over 300 years and helping our customers get prompt, private health treatment for over two decades.
If you’re diagnosed with cancer, one of our highly experienced case managers will support you throughout your treatment.
You'll have access to expert care from private specialists, and in some cases, treatments not available on the NHS.
Our cover is flexible, so you can make the right treatment choices for you. You can increase your core cover to give you full peace of mind, or decrease the cover and reduce your costs.
Remember, by enhancing your cover, you're increasing your premium.
You'll pay 9% less if you add your partner to your policy, when compared to the combined price of taking individual insurance. Plus, add more than one child aged 19 or under and you will only pay for the eldest.*
*We reserve the right to amend or withdraw these rates at renewal.
Once you have Aviva’s private health insurance, you’ll get access to a whole range of customer benefits, including:
Our private health insurance gives you extra benefits that can help you maintain your wellbeing and improve your fitness. These include up to 25% off selected UK gym memberships and access to our online health programme MyHealthCounts.
If you take out our private health insurance online, we’ll use our moratorium underwriting criteria. This means that you won’t need to complete an in depth health questionnaire, but your cover will exclude any pre-existing disease, illness or injury (whether or not diagnosed), based on the following:
We’re developing a number of networks of facilities, specialists or other practitioners that we recognise to provide the treatment required for a specific condition or suspected condition.
By creating networks, Aviva has more control over the treatment pathway. This means we can drive better commercial deals, which helps us maintain affordable prices. What’s more, by controlling the treatment pathway we can give our customers greater assurance when it comes to clinical quality and treatment.
Our networks are updated frequently as we work to ensure we get the best possible service for our customers. We regularly add or evolve networks, or in the event that a facility/specialist is no longer suitable for a network we may remove them.
When you take out private health insurance with us, you'll decide which hospital list (PDF 2.03MB) you'd like us to use if you need to make a claim on your policy. These lists offer a range of hospitals and clinics at which you could get treatment or have more investigations, nationwide, with appointments that will be made at your convenience. You can choose a list that matches your budget.
Remember if we have a network for your condition or suspected condition you’ll still need to use our network facility for your treatment rather than a hospital on your list.
You’ll get a number of additional extra benefits with Healthier Solutions that could help you look after your health. As well as giving you access to those features, we also include discounts and rewards for good health, which could help you reduce the cost of your private health insurance when it’s time for renewal.
If you’re sick or injured, one of the last things you want is a stressful claims process. Our claims team understands that you might not be feeling 100%, and they do their best to make sure things go smoothly. You can start by making a claim online or by speaking to us directly, whichever you find most convenient.
Best of all, we can approve most claims over the phone and we’ll settle bills directly with the hospitals so that you don’t have to worry about too much paperwork.
Our specialist oncology claims department has team members trained to deal with the harrowing circumstances surrounding a claim for cancer treatment.
An in-patient is someone who is admitted to hospital and who occupies a bed overnight or longer, for medical reasons. As a day-patient, you would be admitted to a hospital or day-patient unit because you need a period of medically supervised recovery but do not occupy a bed overnight. An out-patient is someone who attends a hospital, consulting room or out-patient clinic and is not admitted as a day-patient or in-patient.
View your policy documents and change some personal details with MyAviva.
For our joint protection, telephone calls may be recorded and/or monitored.
Find a hospital near you, covered by your policy.
We're proud of our 5-star Defaqto rating for Private Medical Insurance and winning health insurance company of the year at the 2016 Health Insurance Awards.
Is Cancer Essentials cover available to everyone?
Price based on an 18 year old non-smoker – prices increase with age.
With 1 in 2 people born after 1960 in the UK at risk of being diagnosed with cancer during their lifetime, have you thought about how you and your family would cope financially and emotionally if it happened to you?
Cancer Essentials is our new health insurance product, designed to provide you with essential support should you be diagnosed with cancer.
Watch our video, which explains more about how to make the best use of a Cancer Essentials policy and the claims process.
Please note that in order to view this video you need a web browser that supports HTML5 video.
Alternatively you can use the links below to view the video in your player of choice.
What are Aviva Health Essentials? Cancer Essentials
The UK population is on the increase, and the NHS is treating more people but under heavy financial pressure.
So at Aviva we’ve been thinking why don’t we develop products which support, complement and supplement the care you receive from the NHS? making the products simple to understand, relevant to everyone and affordable. The NHS is a fantastic service which we all love it just sometimes needs a bit of extra help.
And this is why we have created Aviva Health Essentials, our new range of innovative Health offers.
The cost and development of new Cancer drugs can be very expensive.
And because the NHS does not have limitless amounts of money, it sometimes has to decline to offer these treatments.
So, we thought why not create a product which gives people cover for this eventuality?
Cancer Essentials will pay up to £100,000 if an NHS consultant cancer specialist recommends a drug for a patient which the NHS is unable to fund.
Cancer Research UK states that 1 in 2 people born after 1960 are at risk of being diagnosed with cancer in their lifetime.
We understand the worries that you and your family will have if you’re diagnosed with cancer.
And we will give you £5,000 to help you cope financially whilst having treatment.
You and your family will also be provided with support from a team of personal nurse advisors, who’ll be on hand to provide practical advice about your diagnosis and treatment.
We also offer unlimited use of a confidential GP helpline, available 24 hours a day, 7 days a week.
Because the cover is focused on where it is needed, supplementing rather than replacing NHS care, we can keep the costs very low.
Cancer Essentials is available to people aged between 18 and 70.
Cancer Essentials, making private healthcare more accessible in the UK
So why not get a quote today and see just how affordable Cancer Essentials cover could be?
Cancer Essentials is available to adults aged between 18 and 70. The product is not available to those who have already been diagnosed with cancer or are waiting for the result of tests or have been placed on or advised to join a screening or review programme because they’re considered to be at a higher risk of developing cancer.
We will cover all types of cancer diagnosis except non-melanoma skin cancer (unless it has spread to lymph nodes or organs) and prostate cancer (unless active treatment is recommended by the NHS).
Source - 1 in 2 people born after 1960 in the UK statistic provided by Cancer Research UK accessed September 2015.
Cover for just £14.50 a month per person
Muscle and joint aches and pains can affect anyone, and are unfortunately quite common. If you suffer with everyday aches and pains, we understand it can be both frustrating and upsetting.
That’s why we created Physio Essentials - our health insurance product designed to support, guide and help you restore body movement after an injury or illness.
Should you need Physiotherapy you can rest assured that you'll benefit from the wide network of qualified physiotherapists provided by IPRS.
Watch our video, which explains more about how to make the best use of a Physio Essentials policy and the claims process.
The UK population is on the increase, and the NHS is treating more people but sometimes it needs a bit of extra help.
At Aviva we’ve been developing products to support, complement and supplement the care you receive from the NHS, which are simple to understand and affordable.
Welcome to Aviva Health Essentials, our new range of innovative health products.
Muscle and joint aches and pains can affect anyone; our Physio Essentials gives you speedy access to physiotherapy when you need it. For £14.50 a month our cover can help and guide you to restore body movement after an injury or illness.
John is 25 and loves going for a jog with his dog Sally. Recently John has found his ankles hurting a bit after his run. Through his Physio Essentials policy John is able to arrange a telephone appointment online to speak to one of the qualified physiotherapists from our physiotherapy provider
The physiotherapist calls John and they discuss his problem. All physiotherapists have a minimum of 5 years experience
John is recommended a couple of face-to-face physiotherapy sessions, with a choice of appointments near his work or home. You are entitled to up to 5 telephone appointments each policy year.
John also receives an email with a link to his own personal site where he could read up on his condition and watch videos for the various exercises he needed to do.
Within a couple of days John was seeing his physiotherapist, with his Physio Essentials policy covering the cost of all of his treatment.
And when John had to work away from home, he could even download an app that included his exercise videos and a handy feature that would send him calendar reminders of when to do them.
What happens with smaller injuries, when face to face Physio isn’t required?
If John’s physio decided that his ankle problems were minor and would mend themselves with some rest and exercises that he could do at home, John would receive a video exercise plan which could be accessed through his own personal site. And his physio would keep in touch by phone to check on progress.
If John’s condition couldn’t be treated with physiotherapy alone, his physio would provide a full assessment by email for him to take to his GP.
Physio Essentials, helping you to restore body movement after an injury or illness.
If you become ill or get injured, and require support to restore muscle and joint movement, simply book a telephone clinical assessment appointment online. Your Physio Essentials cover provides a maximum of 5 telephone clinical assessments per year.
You will be contacted by a physiotherapist to discuss your symptoms and assess the severity of your condition.
Depending on the outcome of your assessment and your clinical need, your physiotherapist will recommend either:
an online personalised programme of exercises to complete, supported by videos, plus emails with further information and guidance to help ease symptoms. You’ll also receive phone consultations to check on your progress.
face to face treatment. You’ll be given access to IPRS' network of physiotherapists. You can then book a treatment session in your local area and your physiotherapist will recommend the appropriate number of sessions to remedy the situation.
If your condition can't be managed by physiotherapy, you'll be provided with an electronic referral letter to take to your GP who can arrange for you to see an NHS consultant.
So why not get a quote today and see just how affordable Physio Essentials cover could be?
Cover for just £9 a month per child
As a parent, if your child becomes unwell, you would do anything to help them feel better again – and quickly.
Our health insurance product, Child Health Essentials, has been designed to help you do just that, by providing essential financial, medical and emotional support.
Child Health Essentials cover is available for children aged 17 or under.
So why not get a quote today and see just how affordable Child Health Essentials cover could be?
Watch our video, which explains more about how to make the best use of a Child Health Essentials policy and the claims process.
So at Aviva we’ve been thinking why don’t we develop products which support, complement and supplement the care you receive from the NHS?
Making the products simple to understand, relevant to everyone and affordable.
The NHS is a fantastic service, which we all love; it just sometimes needs a bit of extra help.
Being a parent is never easy and if your child becomes unwell, you will do everything you can to make them feel better again. For a fixed sum of just £9 a month per child we will give you quick and easy access to health services, and an online GP package, as well as a Paediatric helpline and much needed financial and emotional support.
All children become ill at some point, but sometimes it may only be a slight cold and you don’t feel its worth bothering your GP with. Other times they may be ill but you cant get an appointment quickly enough, or there are simply no appointments available. This is when the GP package becomes essential to you as a parent. Having unlimited face to face video or phone calls with a UK registered GP means you always have peace of mind, safe in the knowledge that any illness big or small will be dealt with quickly and from the comfort of your own home or wherever you happen to be in the world at that time. For little niggles you can simply text a GP a question.
The GP Package also has the ability to store your child’s medical records and issue private prescriptions if needed.
A Paediatric helpline staffed by personal nurse advisors, who can answer your questions if your child is admitted to hospital or help you to gain a second opinion.
We will also help with hospital expenses by giving you £25 per 24-hour period that your child is admitted to hospital. Up to £250 can be claimed, in any policy year which could help to cover everyday expenses such as food or parking, and If your child is diagnosed with cancer for the first time, we will pay £5,000 to help you and your family during a stressful and difficult time.
We’ve also made it extremely simple to buy online.
And once bought, you can access all your documents online, make changes to your policy and make a claim, all at the click of a button.
We wanted to help keep your premiums down, by focusing on the benefits of providing essential financial, medical and emotional support for you and your family we can cover each child for a fixed sum of just £9.00 a month.
At Aviva we understand the importance of your child’s health.
Child Health Essentials, making healthcare accessible to everyone in the UK
Or you can get a quote online
Couples save 5% on Bupa health insurance
Families save 10% on Bupa health insurance
Build the right cover for you in only three steps
For breakthrough drugs and treatment within your reach
For getting the help you need faster
For fast help with muscle, bone and joint problems
We’re also offering a 5% saving for couples on the same health insurance policy compared to the combined price of individual cover.
We value families at Bupa, which is why you’ll pay 10% less on your health insurance when compared to buying individual policies for each member of your family.
Our health insurance puts you in control with the choice of two core products that you can adapt to help suit your needs.
^ We may record or monitor our calls. Lines are open Monday to Friday 8am to 8pm and Saturday 9am to 12.30pm.
† Access to eligible breakthrough cancer drugs and treatments often before they are available on the NHS or approved by NICE as long as they are evidence-based. Bupa will not fund for genetic testing when used solely for the purpose of screening.
†††10% saving applies to family cover which includes one adult or more and one or more children. The savings apply to family cover with children on their policy compared to the price of individual cover for each family member. All children covered must live at the same address as the main policy holder Savings only apply to Bupa By You core insurance. We reserve the right to amend or withdraw our family rate at renewal.
‡‡‡A couple pay 5% less compared to the combined single premium price. The partner covered must live at the same address as the main policy holder. Savings only apply to Bupa By You core insurance. We reserve the right to amend or withdraw our couples rate at renewal.
Our selection of health assessments can help you get a picture of your health and help identify any future risks. You’ll get time with one of our health advisers who’ll help you with practical ways to become healthier and fitter. Then depending upon what product you choose, you may get time with a Bupa doctor to discuss any health concerns that you have.
Not sure if personal health insurance is what you're looking for, why not try
We use cookies to give you the best possible experience of our website. If you continue, we'll assume you're happy for your web browser to receive all cookies from our website. See our cookie policy for more information on cookies and how to manage them.
With access to over 250 hospitals, a 24 hour health information service and market-leading heart and cancer cover and care, it’s no wonder over 2 million people trust us.
We’ve got cover to suit you – whether you’re self-employed, a small business or a large corporate.
Prompt access to treatment from over 11,000 healthcare providers, no matter where you are.
When life throws you an unexpected challenge, it’s the little things that mean a lot. Swift diagnosis and prompt treatment matter most to our members, along with genuine help, support and understanding from people that care.
It’s a way of getting quick access to the health treatment you need if you fall ill or get injured. From seeing specialists for diagnosis, to choosing where you stay while in hospital, private healthcare insurance is designed to complement the NHS and not replace it. Once you have an open GP referral, you can get the swift access to the treatment you need.
With a plan from AXA PPP healthcare you have control, choice and flexibility
The Defaqto star rating is based on the overall product including options. Where not all options are taken, this may affect the rating.
Join the next generation of private health insurance
Our health insurance was rated 4.5 out of 5
We offer competitive health plans that cover a variety of options, ranging from help with everyday costs to more comprehensive private health insurance.
Find out how quick and easy it is to join AXA PPP healthcare and get a quote today
We can provide healthcare cover from one to 249 employees, supporting you and your team back to health and work as quickly as possible.
Sign up to our monthly Better Health newsletter to receive updates on our latest health and wellbeing articles
Online servicing provides a quick, convenient and secure way to get the information you need, when it suits you best.
If life throws you an unexpected challenge, little things can mean a lot. When it comes to your health, at AXA PPP healthcare, we believe that swift diagnosis and prompt treatment matter most to our members, along with genuine help, support and understanding from people who care.
Based on a survey of 3,286 existing members between September 2014 and May 2015. These members were asked about their overall satisfaction levels with AXA PPP healthcare.
The Defaqto 5 Star Rating is based on the overall product including options. Where not all options are taken, this may affect the rating.
AXA PPP healthcare have been named the Best Direct Healthcare Provider for the 5th year running in the Your Money Awards.
Choice and convenience, when you need it
How do I become a health insurance member?
Cover for sole traders and small businesses
If you’ve just started to consider health care cover, it might seem confusing. It goes by many different names – private health insurance, private medical insurance, PMI, private healthcare, private health cover and health insurance are just some examples.
Private health insurance, put simply, offers you quick access to eligible health treatment, from seeing a specialist for diagnosis to having a comfortable stay while you’re in hospital.
One of the benefits of private health insurance is once you have a GP referral you can choose who to see and where to go, from a list of approved specialists and hospitals, making sure you get the treatment you need, when and where you want it. Whether that’s close to family or near work, you have the flexibility to manage your health around your timetable.
Our members are our number one priority which means that when you take out a private medical insurance plan, we’ll do all we can to make sure your needs and expectations are met.
These aren’t the only reasons to become an AXA PPP healthcare member. Find out more about what makes our healthcare plans so special.
You can choose to pay for your plan monthly or yearly, and if you choose to pay yearly we’ll give you a 5% discount. To find out other ways to control the cost of your cover, click here.
Getting you back to work and to health, quickly.
In 2015, we paid over £1,232.5m in claims for our members in the UK. We are committed to helping you get the right level of cover and making clear what’s not covered.
It’s easy to continue your cover with us.
At AXA PPP healthcare, we’re putting our members in control of their healthcare, supporting them to live healthily, and making sure that we’re there for them 24/7. We’re finding intelligent ways to deliver the best support and the care they need, keeping their subscriptions under control.
Personal Health is the next generation of private healthcare insurance. It builds on everything we’ve learned in over 75 years of looking after our members. It gives our members treatment and care, more choice, and expert support 24/7. We can even find a specialist for you, and book an appointment using our Fast Track Appointments Service, making sure you get a prompt diagnosis and swift access to treatment.
We understand that it’s important for you to choose the right health insurance plan for you and your family. That’s why we offer additional services to provide you with peace of mind. These include our Fast Track Appointments service, access to a second opinion and advice and support online and on the phone about how to stay healthy. For example, our Working Body program allows you to speak to a Physiotherapist over the phone for advice or treatment, all without a GP’s referral.
But we also understand that healthcare doesn’t just include going to a hospital or seeing a specialist, that’s why as an AXA PPP Healthcare member you get access to other benefits like 25% off health checks and discounted gym memberships.
The care we give our members is not just limited to mainland UK, we also have close relationships with hospitals and medical centres in Northern Ireland and the Isle of Man. To find out more about private healthcare in Northern Ireland visit our Northern Ireland health insurance page.
Our members tell us that cancer is the number one condition that keeps them up at night. So for new members who have no history of cancer or heart problems, we’ve brought our heart and cancer commitment into our core cover. Offering extensive heart and cancer cover and care, which includes genetic testing to make sure you get the right type of chemotherapy and the option of chemotherapy at home. Our heart cover gives you access to the latest, effective treatments.
And for those that have previously had cancer, we offer our NHS Cancer Support option which means that you’ll be treated on the NHS but with access to licensed cancer drugs not available on the NHS. You’ll also have access to our dedicated cancer nurses; who are ready 24/7 to talk with you and your family about any aspect of your care, no matter how late it is, or how long it takes. Find out how they go the extra mile to help our members.
You can also visit our heart and cancer centres for practical support and guidance.
So, whether you wake in the middle of the night with unusual pains or there’s something worrying you about your health, you always have an expert at hand who’ll give you as much time as you need. Even if you’re out of the country and looking for an English speaking doctor or a local hospital, we’re here to help you 24 hours a day.
When our members get in touch, we know it could be because of something life altering. Which is why Customer Service is our highest priority. If you would like to hear more about how our experts look after our members take a look at our full range of videos.
Based on a survey of 1119 existing members between September and November 2014. These members were asked about their overall satisfaction levels with AXA PPP healthcare.
HealthBridge | connecting you to affordable healthcare
Confused? Take a look at our Jargon Buster
We use cookies on this site to enhance your user experience
We understand that choosing the right health insurance for you and your family can be confusing, especially when there are so many different policies and insurers available. We keep it simple by offering two health plans which meet different needs and budgets.
Health Insurance covers the cost of receiving private treatment should you become ill or injured. It ensures you receive specialist care at a location which is convenient for you, providing you and your family with reassurance and support during what may already be a stressful or anxious time.
With increasing pressures on the National Health Service (NHS), you may find that you have to face lengthy waiting times before you can receive the necessary diagnosis or treatment. Private health insurance supports the NHS by fast-tracking diagnosis and treatment and providing a safe, secure and comfortable environment for recovery and aftercare.
CS Healthcare has over 85 years' experience in providing specialist cover for civil or public servants and their families. Our health plans allow you to tailor your cover to support your family’s needs, and you can even choose which one of our carefully selected independent and private hospitals you would like to receive treatment in.
* You will be covered for a 90-day period of necessary aftercare, which normally covers up to a maximum of three post-operative or follow-up consultations, and a period of physiotherapy of six sessions in the first instance
**The NHS Cash Allowance is available to those who choose to receive treatment on the NHS in lieu of private treatment and may be offered by the Society on a discretionary basis
HealthBridge is our lower-priced solution that has been specially designed to help bridge the gap between the NHS and private healthcare. With a range of key benefits, HealthBridge provides support when you need it, covering a key range of benefits up to an overall benefit limit of £15,000 per person per policy year. Helping you avoid lengthy waiting times for tests, consultations, surgery and treatment arranged quickly at a hospital convenient to you.
your choice is designed to offer comprehensive cover and offers the flexibility to choose from a range of benefit options enabling you to create your own personalised plan. Aside from being able to tailor the plan to your specific needs, you can also choose where you receive treatment from our directory of over 300 UK independent and private hospitals.
Provided you are aged between 18 years and 74 years old and 11 months, and work or have worked in the civil service, public sector or not-for-profit organisations, you and your family are eligible to join CS Healthcare. You can find out more about eligibility and the medical plans we offer on our FAQs page.
CS Healthcare provides specialist health insurance policies to civil and public servants as well as their dependants. For over 85 years, we’ve been dedicated to protecting the health of our members and during that time we’ve built up partnerships with more than 300 hospitals, ensuring our members have access to the best care and treatment.
We think our Mutual status makes us a little different from many other insurers. We’re not answerable to shareholders which means our members remain at the heart of everything we do. As a result, our members continually benefit from the highest standards of service.
Keep up-to-date with all the latest healthcare news and updates from CS Healthcare. We know that looking after your health should be a number one priority, which is why we aim to keep you informed of any breakthroughs in medical care as well as the latest health and wellbeing tips.
Civil Service Healthcare Society Limited is incorporated under the Friendly Societies Act 1992, Register number 463F. Registered Office: Princess House, Horace Road, Kingston Upon Thames, Surrey KT1 2SL. Civil Service Healthcare Society is authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority and regulated by the Financial Contact Authority and the Prudential Regulation Authority - Financial Services Register number 205346. Our products are covered by the Financial Services Compensation Scheme (FSCS).
By clicking any link on this page you are giving your consent for us to set cookies.
CS Healthcare has been dedicated to protecting the health of civil and public servants since 1929 giving us over 85 years’ experience in health insurance. We have partnerships with over 300 carefully selected hospitals and medical provider services to ensure our members receive the highest levels of care.
While the NHS can provide an excellent service, waiting times to see a Consultant and to receive any subsequent medical treatment can be lengthy. At CS Healthcare, we’re committed to ensuring our members and their families have swift and easy access to affordable private healthcare from a wider range of hospitals and specialist healthcare providers across the UK.
We pride ourselves on working on behalf of our members, and our four core principles are fundamental in everything we do.
When you take out a CS Healthcare policy, we treat you as an individual rather than as another policyholder. This is just one of the reasons why we were voted the 'Most Trusted Health Insurance Provider' in the Moneywise Customer Service Awards 2017, and our customer service is highly rated by members, with 95% ranking our service as 'excellent' or 'good*'.
Our expert teams are dedicated to providing personal service and in 2015 we also topped the Which? customer satisfaction survey for the second time.
We are a friendly society. This means that our members are at the heart of everything we do and, unlike commercial insurers, we don't have any shareholders. Our mutual status means that any surplus is reinvested for the benefit of the Society, which allows us to focus entirely on putting the needs and interests of our members first.
We have been insuring civil and public servants for over 85 years, so it's safe to say this is our speciality. Our knowledgeable UK-based team have specialist experience gained from working in the medical and insurance industries. Whether you want to be guided through the claims process or simply want to discuss your options, our experts are on hand to help you every step of the way.
Our products are tailored to suit varying budgets and our approach to fair pricing means we don't offer No Claims Discounts so you won't be individually penalised should you make a claim.
*CS Healthcare existing member surveys carried out between January and December 2015.
Looking for a rewarding career in care?
Find a Bupa care home near you
Advice on caring with someone with dementia
Help with paying for a care home
Talk to our Elderly Care Support line
We use cookies to help us understand ease of use and relevance of content. This ensures that we can give you the best experience on our website. If you continue, we'll assume that you are happy to receive cookies for this purpose. Find out more about cookies
We offer short and long term residential care across our range of care homes in the UK.
We understand that choosing the right care can feel overwhelming. At Bupa, we can help you get the best level of care for you or your loved ones, whether it is treatment at home, day care or finding the right care home. If you’re not sure where to start, Bupa can help.
Lines are open 8am to 8pm, Monday to Friday, 9am to 5pm Saturday and Sunday. We may record and monitor our calls.
Whether you work in one of our homes or at our head office, you will have the opportunity to make a huge difference to our residents and fulfill your own potential. Find out more about the different roles available with Bupa Care Services and apply today.
Lines are open 9am to 5pm, Monday to Friday. We may record or monitor our calls.
At Bupa we want to provide the best care for all of our residents, treating the individual and tailoring our care to meet their needs.
That’s why if you or your loved one are finding it increasingly hard to cope alone or simply want to feel part of a community, our care homes can provide you with 24-hour support, accommodation and personal care.
We also offer short care breaks for residents, so if you need to recover after an operation or just need a well earned rest you can relax and get better in a Bupa home.
With hundreds of Bupa nursing and residential care homes across the UK, we are able to offer a wide range of personalised care services.
This includes care for those living with dementia, Parkinson’s, Huntington’s, learning difficulties and the young physically disabled.
Search for a care home by location and we will show you homes nearby.
If you or your loved one wish to maintain independence and remain as self-sufficient as possible, retirement housing may be the right option for you.
We offer three types of retirement housing; retirement villages, retirement properties and assisted living properties.
Run by our award-winning colleagues at Goldsborough Estates and Richmond Villages, our retirement properties offer you the reassurance of help if or when you need it, without the worry of maintaining your own home.
Our partners at Richmond Villages are happy to answer any questions you may have and arrange a visit.
We understand that care in the comfort of your own home can sometimes make life easier; whether it’s continuing your treatment at home after you leave hospital or simply delivering medicine to your home. We’re working in partnership with the NHS to make these choices available to you.
Planning for care costs is something you may have little experience of, which is why it can be helpful to learn what funding options are available to you.
We have a team of experts on hand to answer all of your questions
Arranging care can be a little overwhelming at first, but our in depth guide can give you advice on where to start and what to expect.
What kind of things could health insurance cover?
How To Stay Protected In The Sun
Freedom offers health insurance and medical cover with unprecedented flexibility. Our policies start from as little as 95 pence a day.
You can tailor each of our products to the level you would like covered. All of our policies cover in-patient treatment (in a hospital) as well as cancer treatment. You can also add in:
Freedom Health Insurance and Freedom Health are trading names of Freedom Healthnet Ltd © 2017
Freedom Healthnet Limited is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority with the registration number 312282.
The guidance contained within the website is subject to the UK regulatory regime and is therefore primarily targeted at customers in the UK.
Look after your health with fully flexible and comprehensive health insurance that shapes to your personal healthcare needs. Choose the health insurance created by you.
CANCER COVER Comprehensive cancer cover, including oncology tests, surgery and treatments.
OUT-PATIENT COVER Covers out-patient appointments (where you don't need to be in a hospital bed) including physiotherapy. (Optional)
ALTERNATIVE THERAPIES Freedom Elite will also support you in using alternative treatment providers such as osteopathy, chiropractic, acupuncture, homeopathy and podiatry. (Optional)
PRIVATE GP, DENTAL & OPTICAL Get cover for GP appointments, routine dental costs, optical costs and prescription glasses. (Optional)
PSYCHIATRIC COVER Get cover for psychiatric issues including depression and schizophrenia. (Optional)
Pay How You Like & When You Want
We are with you all the way
Freedom Worldwide gives you access to leading specialist care around the world with three areas of cover to choose from:
Juggling different currencies and potentially losing money because of volatile exchange rates is a risk that comes with many international private medical insurance policies. Freedom Worldwide wants to change this and comes with the choice of paying your premium on one of three different currencies (dollars, pounds or euros). You can even choose to pay your premium annually, quarterly or monthly. Find out more from the Freedom Worldwide brochure.
A policy that is as flexible as you need it to be...
Get full control of your health cover with the health cash payment policy. You choose how to use your money your way.
CASH If you choose to get treated on the NHS you will receive a cash lump sum OR pay for private treatment keep any surplus or top-up.
FAST TREATMENT Helping you to find treatment at a time that suits you, without long waiting lists.
GET TREATED ANYWHERE UK or WORLDWIDE Whatever you need, we can help you to find the closest, nearest, fastest treatment centre.
ALTERNATE TREATMENTS Freedom Your Choice will also support you in using alternative treatment providers.
With Freedom Your Choice medical insurance - you choose how to use your money and where and how you would like to use your policy.
*Freedom Your Choice cover for a 25 year old, with £50,000 in-patient benefit, £1,000 out-patient benefit and £250 excess. As at January 2017
General & Medical Cookie Policy - We use cookies to give you the best possible online experience. If you continue, we'll assume you are happy for your web browser to receive all cookies from our website. See our cookie policy for more information.
The health and wellbeing of you and your family is important to us. That's why we are pleased to include free 24 hour Health and Wellbeing Support within all of our Private Health Insurance policies, to offer additional benefits to you and your family, all for no extra cost. We want to make sure you have access to support whenever you may need it.
This includes the following great range of services, designed to provide help to deal with personal and professional issues on a wide range of subjects:
Access to 24 hour telephone counselling with a fully trained and qualified counsellor. This involves sessions with the same counsellor and is convenient as it reduces the need for travel and will fit in with work or other commitments.
Online Cognitive Behavioural Therapy (CBT) is recommended by the National Institute for Clinical Excellence (NICE) as the most effective therapy for stress. All General & Medical members have access to CBT self-help modules which can provide support on a wide range of issues.
There’s a vast array of links to provide you access to a wealth of medical information from trusted sites. So if you are looking for further information on a particular medical condition then you can easily find it here rather than having to search all over the internet yourself.
Access to four week programmes online that can help you to lose weight, sleep better, quit smoking, drink less caffeine and much more. So if you need some assistance to help you cut down on something in particular or to change your lifestyle completely then these programmes are there to support you.
Informative articles that cover a range of subjects including Legal, financial, family and relationship problems. These articles are designed to provide insight on a variety of everyday topics in order to help you with any queries you may have relating to any problems you are currently facing, or even if you are simply just curious and want to learn more.
We've teamed up with Nuffield Health to offer you 20% off a Gym Membership when you take out Private Health Insurance with us. To benefit from this great offer, simply get a quote and enter in the promo-code GYM01
Ways to Enhance your Private Health Insurance Cover
Get set for summer! Look great and feel confident with our Six easy steps to success to get set for summer
Getting ready for your Summer holiday and want to make sure you are fully prepared? Read our Eight Steps for a Healthy Happy Holiday
You can enhance your Private Health Insurance cover by, for example, choosing Altus Plus instead of Altus or Freedom Hospitals instead of First Choice Hospitals. You should select the level of cover and hospital choice that best suits your needs, but you can also choose to add any of the following options to enhance the benefits available from your healthcare scheme.
At Health-on-Line we understand that you are the most important person when we talk about health insurance. We like to think that our 98%* satisfaction rating means our customers agree - that’s why we put you in control every step of the way from the moment you get in touch. Deal directly with your dedicated account manager and build the cover to fit your needs and budget. Plus, with access to our 24/7 dedicated helpline you know that Health-on-Line is always here for you.
For an additional premium, you can extend your cover for up to two of the pre-defined conditions. The cover is subject to an annual limit of £1,000 which rolls up year on year to a maximum of £10,000 after 10 years, provided cover has been continuous and there have been no claims relating to the pre-existing condition. This option has helped some people to consider private health insurance for the first time and has caused others with cover elsewhere, to think about switching to General & Medical.
Our health insurance products are tailored to meet a diverse range of needs and affordability criteria. You can choose from our Heart & Cancer policy covering you for specific items, through to a fully comprehensive policy. Whatever you select, you can relax knowing you will receive all the help you need, precisely when you need it. We offer four main types of cover:
Priority Diagnostics – this policy offers prompt access to a specialist and out-patient diagnostic tests to establish a diagnosis
Adding our Worldwide Travel Insurance gives you and your family the peace of mind of medical benefits and repatriation from any country worldwide, wherever you may be. Cover is provided for an unlimited number of trips within any 12 month period.
Health For You – health insurance, providing you cover in hand-picked hospitals
For a small additional premium, you can also upgrade your cover to include scuba diving. For full details, please download our Personal Healthcare Brochure.
Personal Health – health insurance, providing access to a wider range of hospitals throughout the country
Health-on-Line Company (UK) Ltd. Authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority. Ref: 308776
If reducing your premiums would help you to meet your budget, you can of course, choose a lower level of cover, for example by choosing Altus instead of Altus Plus or by restricting your hospital choice to First Choice only. You can also significantly reduce your premiums by adding an excess to your policy.
An excess is an amount agreed in advance that you or each person on your policy pays towards the cost of a claim. For example, if you choose a £250 excess per claim and your treatment for one eligible claim costs £5,000, you would pay the first £250 and we would pay the rest.
You can add an excess of £75, £100, £150, £200, £250, £500, £1000, £2000 or £3000. At the start of the policy, you choose whether the excess applies once per policy year or to each claim. If you choose an excess per policy year and your treatment for an eligible claim carries on into the next policy year, another excess will apply.
Remember - the higher the excess, the lower your monthly payments. For example, even an excess of £250 per claim could reduce your monthly payments by over 20%!
The important thing is to choose a level of excess that you can comfortably afford.
What type of Medical Insurance are you looking for?
We've teamed up with Nuffield Health to give you 20% discount off a Gym Membership.
Whether you play it, teach it or organise it, we have the right Sports Insurance 4 U
General & Medical Healthcare is a specialist provider of Private Medical Insurance giving low cost access to high quality private healthcare. We put people first so choose General & Medical Healthcare for:
Our wide range of policies provide choice for everyone considering private healthcare. Whether you are looking for essential cover, or comprehensive cover with full cancer benefits, you can be sure there is a policy to suit you.
During a stay at a private hospital you will typically have your own room with en-suite facilities, excellent food and unrestricted visiting hours and nursing staff with more time to dedicate to your personal care.
We pride ourselves on our great customer service and as one of our clients, you will be assigned a named Client Relations Co-ordinator who will be fully trained in medical terminology and claims handling.
Unlike some other insurers we do not operate a Managed Care System. We allow you and your specialist to make the decision on where you are treated and who treats you, should you need to make a health related claim.
The health and wellbeing of you and your family is important. That's why we include free 24 hour Health and Wellbeing Support within our Private Health Insurance policies. We want to make sure you have access to support should need it.
All of our Healthcare policies come with a great level of standard cover, including:
✔ Additional modules, options and upgrades available to personalise your quote to your needs and budget
Our policies can be adapted to suit your needs and budget. You have the option to select what hospitals you have access to, what your excess is and whether you would like to add optional travel cover. You can also decide on whether you would like to disclose your medical history and add cover for pre-existing conditions.
Lifestyle Rewards is a benefit that is exclusively available to anyone who has a policy in the Altus Range and includes over 200 unique deals and added value offers on a wide range of luxury products, services and experiences.
We offer a wide range of policies to suit your needs and budget and are proud of our 5 star service. ★★★★★
We have a range of Medical Insurance schemes to protect you and your family, and a wide choice of additional options and upgrades to personalise your cover.
Protect the future health of your business and enjoy the benefits of a happier, healthier, more loyal workforce with our range of Corporate Health Insurance schemes.
Our unique range of Sports Health, Sports Accident and Sports Liability Insurance products provides cover to protect individuals, clubs and teams, both amateur and professional.
General & Medical Healthcare, with their experience of over 28 years offering affordable, personal and dedicated services to its customers are the preferred provider for the Association of Surgeons of Great Britain and Ireland. We always work hard to maintain close links with the medical profession.
Join General & Medical in the knowledge that you are dealing with a UK based 5 star rated provider who is renowned for its professionalism in dealing with customers in a fair and professional way.
Our health insurance products are designed to meet a diverse range of needs and affordability criteria. Whatever you select, you can relax knowing you will receive all the help you need precisely when you need it.
*Based on a 40yr old, non-smoker, living in BH8, including Standard Out-patient, Therapies, £100 excess, answering no to the health questions (April 2017).
Flexible & affordable cover available throughout selected UK hospitals.
Flexible & affordable cover available through over 250 UK hospitals.
At Health-on-Line we understand that you are the most important person when we talk about health insurance. We like to think that our 98%* satisfaction rating means our customers agree - that’s why we put you in control from the moment you get in touch.
*Based on a 40yr old, living in BH8, £100 excess, answering no to health questions (February 2017).
We give you your own Personal Account Manager, so you know exactly who you will be dealing with from day one, whatever the query or topic of conversation. And, we’re always on hand to help. We understand that getting the right level of health insurance is important, but we also know that sometimes it can seem complicated. Your Personal Account Manager will make sure that you fully understand the policy details and they’ll continue to answer any queries even after you’ve made your decision. Because we believe health insurance should come with peace-of-mind, guaranteed.
Prompt access to specialists and out-patient diagnostic tests.
*Based on a 40yr old, living in BH8, answering no to cancer questions (February 2017).
As a customer of Health-on-Line we aim to offer you the best possible customer service. Not only that, but you’ll also have access to a range of benefits including discounted gym memberships, 24 hour access to medical professionals and the opportunity to earn gift vouchers by referring a friend to us.
Customer Online makes your life easier through your own portal, allowing you to manage your policy online. Available to Health For You and Priority Health customers.
We've partnered with UK gym network, PureGym, to offer you 50% off gym memberships. Available to our Health for You and Personal Health customers.
As a Health-on-Line customer you'll be given access to our free 24 hour medical helpline, run by qualified nurses, pharmacists, midwives and counselors.
If you refer a friend who takes out a policy with us, we'll reward you both with a £100 M&S gift card to say thank you.
National Assurance creates and develops health, income and payment protection insurance products. We have strong, well established relationships with insurers and administrators allowing us to adapt insurance products according to our customers’ needs and demands. Our main focus is to provide our clients with high quality products and approachable, professional service.
Our insurance specialists are experts in their field strengthened by a management team with a combined total of 60 years of knowledge and experience within the insurance industry.
Why do people use Private Medical Insurance in the UK?
Drugs and treatments may be available, that cannot be accessed on the NHS
The National Health Service (NHS) was established in 1948 to provide healthcare to everyone in the UK regardless of wealth. Today, it is the largest and oldest single-payer healthcare system in the world* and funded by the UK taxpayer.
Despite being one of the best healthcare systems in the world, the service is under increasing pressure from a growing, ageing population and being asked to make major efficiency savings.
With many health experts predicting that patients are set to experience poorer care and even longer waiting times, more people are turning to private health for that extra peace of mind.
One of the main reasons people take out private health insurance is to avoid long NHS waiting times.
What happens if you want to see a specific specialist?
In 2015, there were reportedly over 3 million people on the NHS hospital waiting list, with a target waiting time of 18 weeks**. However, those who have private health insurance can get treatment as soon as its available, normally reducing and in some cases eliminating, those NHS waiting times.
For those who rely on the NHS you are assigned a hospital and appointment times. However, with private healthcare you have a much wider choice of appointment time, specialist and hospital to suit your needs and schedule.
(Open 8am to 6pm Monday to Friday)
The majority of patients who visit an NHS hospital for treatment will be given a bed in a shared room with a variety of other patients. Whereas the majority of patients in a private hospital will benefit from a private room, en-suite facilities, free parking and quite often, a-la-carte menus.
At Health-on-Line we get some great feedback from our members. They tell us how easy and straightforward our claims service is and how happy they are with the private hospitals we use. To help you understand how easy it is, here are the typical steps for making a claim.
Your first step is to arrange to see your GP who will refer you on to a consultant if appropriate.
It may be possible, under private healthcare, to access the latest drugs and treatments, licensed by the National Institute of Health and Clinical Excellence (NICE), which aren’t routinely available on the NHS (outpatient drugs are not covered).
• If the GP gives you an open referral – meaning they do not name a particular specialist – we can help you locate someone suitable to oversee your care.• If the GP gives you a named referral, let us know who you have been referred to and we can check to make sure that they are someone we are able to cover in full for you.• Please note; we are unable to provide cover for GP referred scans or blood tests – this is considered primary care – however, we can step in once it is necessary for you to be referred to a consultant.
Once you have a referral in place, give us a call. We will have a chat with you about your medical condition; we may be able to approve your treatment over the phone but may also need to request medical information from your GP in order to assess the eligibility of your claim first. We’ll be able to confirm this when we speak to you.
Step 3 - Send us your medical records
If medical records are required, once they have been sent to us by your GP we will review them for you within 3 working days and contact you with an update.
Step 4 - Commence treatment & keep us updated
Once your claim is agreed, you can then go ahead with your treatment. We just ask that you keep us up to date with the progress of your care, so we are able to confirm any additional treatment will be covered in full.
If you would like to see a specialist who is not a named specialist on your policy, but is recognised by AXA PPP healthcare, we will pay 60% of the charges that would normally apply. You will be responsible for paying the remaining charges.
E.g. A patient visits a specialist who is recognised by AXA but who is not a Health For You specialist. The Specialist charges £1000 for the operation. The AXA rate for that particular operation is £800, therefore we would pay 60% of the AXA agreed rate. In this example 60% of £800 = £480.
If your specialist is not recognised by Health-on-Line, or AXA PPP healthcare, you will be responsible for paying the charges in full, so do check with our claims team first.
Specialists and hospitals normally send their bills to us, so we can pay them directly. If you need to pay an excess, we will let you know how to pay it.
You can find the nearest hospitals to you, that are covered under a Health For You Policy, by using our Private Hospital Search. You can also find the nearest hospitals to you, covered under a Personal Health Policy, by using the AXA PPP healthcare Hospital Search.
Health-on-Line is one of the fastest growing individual health insurance companies in the UK, experiencing considerable growth since being established in 2000. Providing simplicity and transparency to customers, Health-on-Line also provides reassurance by being part of the AXA Group of businesses, who have been around for nearly 75 years, and paid out £934.6m in healthcare benefits in 2015.
Health-on-Line produces simple products, with a basic ‘core cover’ included, and then offers additional options customers can select if they wish, covering different areas. We believe this allows our customers to find cover that meets their requirements, at a price that suits their budget. A range of additional products are also available for customers – specifically for such areas as Cancer or Diagnostics.
Health-on-Line have been recognised particularly for the service we provide to customers, receiving a range of awards. In 2016, Health-on-Line were awarded Gold Trusted Merchant Status from online Review site, Feefo, whilst being the highest rated individual provider on the Review Centre. For the last three years running we have also been recognised as the Best Online Healthcare Provider by the Your Money Awards, as well as receiving the Plain English Crystal Mark for the simplicity on our website.
Private medical insurance can seem confusing, but at Health-on-Line we keep things simple and straight forward. That’s why we’ve been awarded the Plain English Crystal Mark.
1. Speak to your Personal Account Manager to discuss the cover that is right for you
2. Make your choice, receive your policy documents and gain access to our online support services
4. Receive prompt treatment at a private hospital – in comfortable surroundings, with your own en-suite room, with just the right balance of care and privacy
Your health cover is controlled by you. If you take out a standard Health For You policy with us, you can then choose from a range of additional features to ensure you get exactly the cover you need. Just to make things clear, here are some of the most significant things that won’t be covered as part of your policy:
Although we try to make our communication plain and simple, sometimes we need to use certain words to describe conditions. If at any stage you are unsure what these mean, please speak to your Personal Account Manager or take a look at our Glossary of Terms.
This works in a similar way to your car insurance, except with us your No Claims Discount (NCD) will give you a discount on your next annual health insurance premium (if you don’t make a claim with us).
For every year you don't make a claim your discount will increase by one level - up to a maximum of 80% off your health insurance subscription. For more information on this please speak to one of our Personal Account Managers.
• If you would like more information, please refer to our Health for You Summary Policy.
• Alternatively, for more information on our claims process, visit our How To Make a Claim page.
At Health-on-Line, we understand that the personal approach matters when it comes to private medical insurance, so we go out of our way to treat each of your employees as an individual. Perhaps this is why we get great feedback... and why 98% of our customers say they like our service*.
We know, especially when arranging private medical insurance for your employees, that continuity is important to you. Which is why from the moment we start talking to each other to the point you purchase your policy, we ensure you speak to the same agent. This allows us to understand your company’s needs and means that you fully understand the policy you are buying. We also know that private medical insurance can sometimes seem complicated, which is why we are here to help! Our aim is to ensure that the information we provide will, in turn, help you answer any questions you might receive from people within your business. And, of course, this support continues after you have purchased your policy.
We are proud of the service we provide to our customers and even more pleased that it has been recognised as the best for personal service and empathy** in our industry. For the past three years, we were named Best Online Healthcare Provider by Your Money for the service we provide both over the internet and in our subsequent telephone conversations.
Want to read more? View our live Feefo customer feedback.*Taken from Feefo, July 2016
**Health-on-Line scored 3.99 out of 5 in an Empathy Benchmarking survey which took place in 2013, the highest amongst all competitors.
Who is private health insurance suitable for?
The simple answer – everyone! Private health insurance means peace of mind knowing that help is at hand when you need it. We also know that everyone has different cover requirements and budgets, which is why we offer a range of policies to choose from.
Are there any age restrictions to taking out a policy?
You must be over 18 to take out your own policy with Health-on-Line. If you are younger than this, you would qualify as a “dependent” on a parent or carer’s policy.
There are no upper age limits, so whether you are 19 or 90 you can still take out a policy with us (although bear in mind, the older you are, the higher the costs of the policy).
This depends on how we underwrite the policy you choose. There are four different types of underwriting:
How do I make a change to my policy?
We try hard to ensure that there are no reasons for members to complain. However, if we do receive a complaint, we have a charter in place to make sure that we deal with the situation fairly and promptly. You can read more about this in our Complaints Handling Promise to You. For contact details regarding our Customer Relations team please see the ‘Contact Us’ page.
How do I become a recognised specialist with Health-on-Line?
The claims process is dealt with directly between us the insurer and the individual concerned. It does not need to impact your time as the Group Secretary. To discover more about our claims process, please visit our how to make a claim page.
Specialists and hospitals normally send their bills to us and we pay them directly. If you need to pay an excess we will let you know how to pay it.
Why do you request my medical records?
Do you request new medical records for each claim?
No, we may ask for your medical records once at the first claim. If you then make subsequent claims we will usually just ask for either a medical information form or a copy of your GP referral letter. This helps us understand what you will be claiming for.
Why are some providers recognised by Health-on-Line and others are not?
In order to keep our premiums affordable, we have negotiated rates with providers which mean they agree to charge within the AXA agreed rates for Health-on-Line members.
By choosing private medical insurance, you’re choosing not to compromise on the speed, quality or comfort of your healthcare.
By choosing The Exeter, you’re in the safe hands of a mutual insurer that combines market-leading cover with an efficient, personal service.
Our plans are designed to deliver - we always ensure that our customers are not penalised for using their policies.
We provide membership benefits that provide you with valuable reassurance in addition to our core cover.
We’re consistently recognised in the industry for our product and service excellence, winning numerous awards.
We have three health insurance plans, each designed to meet different needs and different budgets.
With most private medical insurance, you may find it difficult to tell one policy from another but we’re a bit different. There are some core principles, which separate us from our competition, right across our range of plans.
If you have one of our health insurance plans that is no longer offered for new business and would like more information, please contact us using the details below.
Health Cover for Me is comprehensive cover with one simple theme - there are no time or financial limits to the amount that we will pay when you claim (as long as the specialist fees are within our Fee Schedule). You can rest assured that your plan won’t let you down in the middle of treatment, and as a result you can concentrate on what is important - getting better.
Equally, we know just how important cancer cover is, so with Health Cover for Me, your cancer cover is unlimited. Even more reassuring is knowing that this cover includes access to all clinically approved drugs and treatments, even if they are not available on the NHS on the grounds of cost.
As with all our plans, with Health Cover for Me, your premiums are never increased as a result of you making a claim – we think insurance should be designed to be used.
For more information, please see our Guide to PMI or policy literature below.
Health Choices for Me is simple modular cover, which means you can build the plan that is right for you. Whilst other modular plans available are complex in structure giving you numerous decisions and options, with Health Choices for Me we’ve made the process easy.
However, just because Health Choices for Me is simple, it doesn’t mean you have to compromise on quality of cover.
As with all our plans, with Health Choices for Me your premiums are never increased as a result of you making a claim – we think insurance should be designed to be used.
Health Essentials for Me is a fresh approach to private medical insurance, a plan which is focused on the cost of cover for treatment.
The concept is simple - if you’re happy to cover the smaller bills for consultations and to reach a diagnosis, but want reassurance that the insurance will cover big, ‘hard to budget for’ medical bills, Health Essentials for Me might be the plan you need.
As with all our plans, with Health Essentials for Me your premiums are never increased as a result of you making a claim – we think insurance should be designed to be used.
Whether you’re new to private medical insurance or thinking of switching from another insurer, we have an underwriting option that’s right for you.
Each of our underwriting options has benefits that may suit you, but this will depend on your needs and circumstances.
Also, with The Exeter you can be sure that you pay the right premium for the underwriting option you choose. So, as full medical underwriting asks more questions for you to complete and allows us to fully assess your personal and medical history before offering you cover, this is always the cheapest option for you.
We are the only insurer to offer you the unique fixed moratorium underwriting option – making sure that with The Exeter, you can choose a policy that’s right for you.
If you choose this option, you will need to complete a full medical declaration, including details of the medical history of all family applicants. All applicants must be 79 years or younger.
Our Standard Moratorium is common to most medical insurers. If you choose this, you will not have to provide full medical details with your application, but if you make a claim we may request information from your GP to determine whether the condition was pre-existing or not. All applicants must be 79 years or younger.
Benefits will not be available for treatment of any condition suffered by an applicant if:
Unlike most insurers, we offer a fixed length moratorium. Under this option, benefits will not be available for treatment of any condition suffered if you had symptoms, medication, treatment or advice in connection with that condition in the five years before the start of your policy.
However, we will cover a pre-existing condition two years after the start of your policy, even if it has recurred during that two year period. If you apply using Fixed Moratorium, your premiums will be higher. All applicants must be 65 years or younger.
If you're thinking of switching from another insurer please go to the Thinking of Switching? section.
If you’re thinking of switching your cover from another insurer, we have two underwriting options designed just for you:
This option is designed to let you continue the moratorium period that applies to your existing private medical insurance policy with another provider. You will need to provide a certificate from your previous insurer with your application.
In line with most other insurers, our continued moratorium works on a two year rolling basis, similar to our standard moratorium option explained in the Underwriting section. The only difference is that the moratorium period will be from the start date of your current policy, not your new policy with The Exeter.
This option is designed to allow you the opportunity to carry across the personal medical exclusions from your existing policy. You will need to provide a certificate from your previous insurer with your application.
Remember, even if you already have private medical insurance with another provider, you always have the option of applying with Full Medical Underwriting, which will reduce the premiums you pay.
As a member of The Exeter, you have access to a number of value added benefits on top of your core insurance cover, at no additional cost.
Offering confidential support and guidance on a wide range of issues, from relationship concerns to worries about debt.
A phone and webcam service providing information and advice about your health concerns or those of your family.
A follow-up to the GP Helpline, providing a hassle-free way of receiving medication, without a trip to an NHS doctor.
The Exeter is a trading name of Exeter Friendly Society Limited, which is authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority and the Prudential Regulation Authority (Register number 205309) and is incorporated under the Friendly Societies Act 1992 Register No. 91F with its registered office at Lakeside House, Emperor Way, Exeter, England EX1 3FD.
Private Medical Insuranceproviding you and your family with speedy access to the best senior specialists at top medical facilities
On our plan you will benefit from...
Freedom to Pick and Choose Additional Benefits
You can be rest assured that all in-patient and day-patient costs which are customary and reasonable will be paid in full. This includes costs for hospital accommodation, nursing care, specialist attention, tests, therapies and operating theatre fees.
As a National Assurance Private Medical Insurance policy holder you will receive Best Doctors, an expert medical consultation and secondary opinion service.
Best Doctors provides access to the world’s best medical experts who can review your diagnosis and get you the right answers about your condition and treatment.
Best Doctors has a database of over 50,000 world-leading specialists - rated by their peers as the best in their field of expertise - who can conduct an in-depth review of a medical condition.
Best Doctors can ensure the diagnosis is accurate and identify the most appropriate treatment options available. They provide support and information to help people make the right medical choices.
'choices' offers a fresh and truly flexible approach to medical insurance by putting you in control.
You can design your own bespoke policy to match your needs and budget, by choosing from a menu of comprehensive benefits and discount options.
You will have immediate access to the very best medical care at local private and NHS hospitals.
Whenever possible, members will enjoy the comforts of a private room offering all the facilities that would normally be expected from a luxury hotel, including, where available, en suite facilities, television, telephone and a relaxed and friendly approach to visiting hours.
In addition to in-patient, day-patient and out-patient benefits, here are further options to enhance your cover
If you choose joint cover, your partner and any number of your dependants covered between the age of 3 and 18 will be covered.
If you are over the age of 65 when the claim is made, half the benefits will be payable.
You can download our brochure here if you would like to find out more information.
Health insurance provides peace of mind knowing that you'll have fast access to see a specialist and to diagnostic tests to find out what's wrong. If you require treatment, you'll have a much greater choice about where, when and by whom you are treated.
Early diagnosis and prompt access to private healthcare can make all the difference to a speedy recovery. Find more information here.
Switching health insurance provider or keeping your cover after a company scheme ends may be easier than you think.
Saga Private Medical Insurance offers a choice of five health plans, each providing cover for hospital in-patient and day-patient treatment and care.
When you take out a Saga HealthPlan you will have an extensive choice of private hospitals, whenever you require treatment.
Need to check your policy documents, make a claim, change your policy details or contact us? Find everything you need here.
Private health insurance that rewards you for being healthy
The Saga GP Service offers unlimited access to telephone GP appointments - 24 hours a day, 365 days a year.
There's a lot to consider when choosing private medical insurance - find out what other Saga customers have to say about our cover.
Got a question? Find answers to our frequently asked private health insurance questions...
Whether you're looking for health advice or tips for keeping healthy over 50, let us help.
Boost Core Cover with flexible Cover Options
Discounts on monthly gym membership fees at selected clubs
Get award-winning health cover with discounts and rewards for being healthy from £35 per month.
Join by 31 August and get your first month’s life insurance free with selected VitalityLife plans.
Get discounts on a range of fitness trackers. Then get active to earn Vitality points and rewards.
We’ve created tools, calculators and guides to help get you started and help you to choose the best type of insurance for you.
Explore our online magazine with articles and tips on nutrition, fitness, health and relaxation.
Award-winning cover with private GP video consultations and fast referrals into a consultant.
Private health insurance gives you and your family the peace of mind that comes with knowing you can get fast access to high-quality treatment when you need it, where you want it.
For example, you can download our Vitality GP app (available for iOS 8 or above, or Android 5 or above) and get video consultations with a private GP in only 48 hours and, if you need treatment, you could get an immediate referral to a consultant. Private healthcare also gives you the flexibility and freedom to fix appointments and treatment dates – making it easier to fit in to a busy work schedule. Plus, you get access to high-quality care and private rooms in a clean, relaxing, peaceful environment to help you recover as quickly as possible.
Our comprehensive Core Cover offers completely joined-up private healthcare. That’s because with our Vitality GP service you have 24/7 access to a private GP helpline, private GP video consultations within 48 hours including Saturday mornings, direct referrals to a consultant, private prescriptions and more. All delivered entirely within the private sector, without the need to wait for a referral from your GP.
All our plans include Consultant Select giving you complete peace of mind, by putting your treatment in the hands of the consultants. When you need a referral, we leave our expert medical partners Alliance Surgical - an independent doctor-owned organisation – to choose the best consultant for you, based entirely on your medical needs. However, if you want to be treated at a particular hospital, you can also select a hospital list to add to your plan.
You can personalise your plan with a range of Cover Options to suit your budget without compromising on care and, because encouraging wellness is a part of everything we do, we also make it cheaper and easier to get healthy with rewards for being active.
Offers 24/7 access to a private GP helpline, video consultations within 48 hours; up to £100 towards private prescriptions and minor diagnostic tests.
Full Cover for hospital fees, consultants fees and diagnostic tests as well as out-patient surgical procedures..
Covers all eligible costs associated with the condition once diagnosed, without putting limits on the use of biological, hormone or bisphosphonate therapy.
Our team of medical professionals and trained case managers ready to offer help and advice, whenever you need them.
We want to make it easier, cheaper and more rewarding for our members to have a good quality of life.
Choose an activity tracker or download our free app and link it to the Vitality Member Zone to earn Vitality points for getting active. To give you a helping hand, we also offer discounts on Polar and Garmin devices.
As you get active, you can earn weekly rewards from Starbucks and Cineworld or Vue.
Or ask for a callback and we’ll get in touch at a time to suit you. Lines are open: Monday to Thursday: 9am – 7.45pm Friday: 9am – 5pm Saturday: 9.30am – 2pm
©document.write(new Date().getFullYear());2017 Vitality Corporate Services Limited trading as VitalityHealth and VitalityLife. All rights reserved.
If you have a question about Saga Health Insurance, you may find the answer below.
What affects the cost of my cover?
What underwriting method is used for an online quotation?
What happens if I don’t make a claim?
Do Saga HealthPlans offer No Claim Discount protection?
What happens if I receive NHS treatment?
What happens if I change my mind?
We calculate the basic cost of your cover by taking into account which Saga HealthPlan and hospitals you have access to, whether you require cover for just yourself, yourself and spouse, or your children as well (up to the age of 21, or 25 if in full-time education). We also take into account a range of statistical factors including the age of the eldest person to be covered and the geographical region you live in. The cost can be reduced if you choose to add an excess to your policy, choose our unique 4 week wait option on your chosen Saga HealthPlan, or pay your premium annually.
We operate a No Claim Discount scheme. When you join, you will normally start with a 35% No Claim Discount (Level 5 on the scale below). Then, for every subsequent year that you do not claim, your discount rises by 5% until you reach a maximum discount of 60%. If you do make a claim, you simply move back two levels on the scale. No matter how many claims you make you will never fall below level 0.
Choosing to add No Claim Discount protection allows you to make one claim without adversely affecting your No Claim Discount. If you remain claim-free you still go up the No Claim Discount scale until you reach the maximum. It is available for an additional premium to all customers on our moratorium or full medical history underwriting terms.
If you need to be admitted to an NHS hospital for a condition covered under your plan, your Saga HealthPlan will pay you £100 for every night you spend as an NHS in-patient, up to a maximum £2,000 every policy year.
You have 14 days to change your mind from the date you purchase your policy or receive your membership pack, whichever is the later.
Early diagnosis and prompt access to treatment can make all the difference to a speedy recovery. That’s why many people choose private health insurance.
Prompt referral to a specialist for early diagnosis
Although the NHS does a wonderful job, many people choose private medical insurance to speed up diagnosis and treatment. Private health insurance also gives you much greater choice about where, when and by whom you’ll be treated.
If you develop a problem with your health, getting a prompt referral to a specialist to find out what is wrong as quickly as possible can be the key to a speedy recovery. Quick and easy access to treatment is one of the great benefits of private healthcare. And if you need further tests or a scan to determine what's wrong, you won't have to wait on an NHS list either.
One of the benefits of having private health insurance is that you will have a range of consultants to choose from, depending on your chosen hospital. You may want to choose a consultant who works close to your home, for example. Plus, you'll be able to specify a consultant who has considerable experience in their chosen field to support you throughout your treatment and recuperation.
Having private health insurance provides you with plenty of flexibility – particularly when it comes to your choice of hospital. Being able to pick a hospital from Saga’s extensive nationwide list means you can choose one that’s close to home or near to relatives or friends.
Having a clean, quiet private room (usually en-suite) with your own TV, phone and internet access can provide the ideal environment in which to recuperate in peace and privacy. With private healthcare you can also expect a choice of high quality, nutritious food, an important aid to recovery after illness or surgery. Plus, your friends and family can visit at any time and stay as long as you like, and car parking is generally free.
Being able to choose a hospital from the Saga Countrywide Hospital List gives you complete control over where you want to be treated. Plus, being treated at an advanced medical facility in a supportive, professional environment can play an important role in helping you to recover.
As standard, Saga Health Insurance customers are covered with our Saga Countrywide Hospital List, which includes:
For an additional premium you can add this option to your HealthPlan. Choosing this option extends the coverage of the Saga Countrywide Hospital List to include a further 10 hospitals in central London. You can select this option when getting a quote online or over the phone.
This is an alternative option to the Saga Countrywide Hospital List and selecting it will reduce your premium.
Selecting Fixed Fast Track means that when your GP decides you need to see a specialist and you want to make a claim, you must ask for an open referral. Our dedicated Fixed Fast Track Team can then help you book appointments for eligible treatment with the most appropriate consultant.
Fast and easy claiming with our mobile app
Get up to 100% back on preventative dental
It all began in a pub 175 years ago
Health insurance is not one-size-fits-all. That’s why Australian Unity offers a range of hospital and extras covers that you can mix-and-match to meet your needs:
You’re protected by an Australian Government-mandated 30 day cooling off period.
If you change your mind in the first 30 days, as long as you haven’t made any claims, you can switch to a more suitable level of cover or else cancel your membership and get your money back.
When you switch to Australian Unity from a cover with a similar or higher level of benefits within 30 days of leaving your old health fund, we’ll recognise the waiting periods you’ve already served.
Even if you haven’t completed a waiting period, we’ll apply any time already served towards your new cover.
Too easy! You can claim up to $300 at a time, and the money is usually credited to your account within two business days.
With Australian Unity you can continue to see your favourite dentist, physio, chiro or other extras provider.
That’s unlike some health funds who lock you into their provider network. With choice of provider, you can get treated by any health provider who is in private practice and is recognised by Australian Unity.
You’ve heard the old saying that prevention is better than cure. That’s especially true when the cure can be both painful and expensive! That’s what our No Gap Dental cover is all about. It’s available on many of our extras covers, and provides preventative dental treatments with no out-of-pocket costs (up to your yearly limit) when you visit any provider in our No Gap Dental Network. Covered treatments include
You don’t have to be sick or go to the hospital to receive benefits from your Australian Unity membership:
Australian Unity traces its origins to a pub in Melbourne, where on 7 December 1840, a group of eight men decided to form a friendly society with the goal of looking after the health and wellbeing of its members.
We’ve seen a lot of changes over the past 175 years, and sadly, the old pub in Elizabeth St is no longer there.
The most important things remain the same though, including Australian Unity’s focus on taking care of our members and improving the wellbeing of Australians.
If you’re looking for a health fund that’s run to benefit you and your family, rather than investors or overseas owners, a Members Own health fund is right for you.
More than 2.5 million people across Australia have already placed their trust in health funds that carry the Members Own symbol.
It’s not hard to see why—as well as giving you access to quality health care, collectively Members Own funds give more back, provide better service, and have more satisfied members than household name funds Medibank, AHM, NIB and Bupa combined.
It’s a good idea to review your health insurance from time to time to make sure you’ve got the right level of cover at the right price. Chances are there’s a cover out there that better suits your needs, saves you money, or both. And the good news is that it’s easy and safe to switch.
With your permission, we’ll contact your old health fund to cancel your cover.
We’ll also get them to send us the details we need to honour waiting periods you’ve already served plus calculate your payments with the correct Lifetime Health Cover (LHC) loading.
Your old fund will usually contact you to arrange payment of any refund owing. And if you’re paying them by direct debit, it’s a good idea to let your bank know you want to cancel this deduction.
The Australian Government guarantees “portability” protection for health insurance to make sure that you’re not disadvantaged when you switch health funds:
It’s easy and safe to switch, so why not look at what Australian Unity has to offer?
What is Lifetime Health Cover (LHC) loading?
For example, if your private hospital cover costs $1000 per year
How does LHC loading affect couples and families?
What happens when you switch to a new health fund?
Can you get time off (for good behaviour)?
Going overseas for 1 year or more
This premium loading was introduced by the Australian Government in July 2000 to encourage people to take out private hospital insurance at a younger age and maintain it over time.
Once you turn 31, you’ve got until the following 1 July to buy private hospital cover and avoid paying the loading.
For every year you delay, you may have to pay an additional 2% (up to a maximum of 70%) on top of the cost of your private hospital cover. The good news is that the loading doesn’t last a lifetime. Once you have held private hospital cover for 10 continuous years, the loading will be removed.
Once you turn 31, you’ve got until the following 1 July to buy private hospital cover
For every year you delay, you may have to pay an extra 2% for your private hospital cover
As long as you maintain your private hospital cover, you’ll avoid paying any LHC loading
Enjoy the benefits of private hospital cover without having to pay extra loading
You can get the same level of cover, it can just cost you more for the first 10 years
So it makes good sense to get your private hospital cover sorted out before any Lifetime Heath Cover loading kicks in!
If you and your partner have been without cover for different lengths of time, your LHC loading will be calculated by averaging out the two.
For example, if you’re paying a 4% loading, and your partner has a 10% loading, that will be averaged out to 7% on a couple or family policy.
The old fund will provide your new health fund with a transfer certificate. This certificate has information about your previous cover including your LHC loading plus details about any waiting periods you’ve already completed, so that these can be applied to your new cover.
To cover small gaps in private hospital cover, such as switching from one fund to another, you are able to be without private hospital cover for up to 1094 days (one day less than three years) during your lifetime, without affecting your loading.
If your health fund agrees to suspend your private hospital cover for a short period (for example, while you go on an overseas vacation), your LHC loading is not affected and the suspension period isn’t counted towards your 1094 days of absence.
If you’re moving overseas for a continuous period of 1 year or more, you can cancel your private hospital cover without affecting your LHC loading. You can even come back to visit Australia for a period of less than 90 days without it affecting your loading.
All of Australian Unity’s private hospital covers can help avoid LHC loading. (Note that extras only cover does not exempt you from LHC loading.)
Check out the covers that are popular for people wanting to avoid LHC loading
Get more value from your health insurance
We help you care for your wellness with great member benefits that include personalised support and information services and practical tools for getting healthy and staying healthy.
As an Australian Unity member, you can get access to a wide range of programs and services designed to help you get healthy and stay healthy.
Depending on your level of cover, you may be able to take part in the following:
With Wellplan Rewards, you can save money on everyday things like groceries, petrol and movie tickets.
On average, our members save 9% with Wellplan Rewards compared to retail prices
It’s free for Australian Unity health insurance members—just log in and start saving
If you’ve got Australian Unity health insurance, you can get rewarded for telling your friends and family about us.
With “Member Get Member” you’ll receive a $100 gift card* every time a friend you refer joins Australian Unity and takes out Hospital, Combined Hospital and Extras, or Overseas Visitors Cover. Just make sure that they give us your details when they sign up.
Over 50% of Australians have private health insurance—even though Medicare provides us with one of the best public healthcare systems in the world.
That’s because private health insurance provides increased choice, convenience and flexibility.
You’re on the Public Hospital waiting list, so it might be months before you can have your surgery.
What is the Medicare Levy Surcharge (MLS)?
Schedule your surgery in a Private Hospital at a time that suits you and your doctor.
For example, if you’re single and earning $100,000
Talk to your doctor and health fund about suitable hospitals, and then choose the one that’s right for you.
Private health insurance also provides cover for services generally not included under Medicare like dental, optical, physiotherapy, chiropractic, remedial massage and natural therapies. Many people use their private health cover to get access to services they may not otherwise be able to afford.
Do you need to have private hospital cover for the full financial year?
Plus the Australian Government has introduced a number of different measures over the years—including a rebate, a loading and a surcharge—all aimed at encouraging more people to go private. See What’s it all going to cost? to find out more about the money side of things.
So if you’re after peace of mind, shiny white teeth and spending less on government levies and surcharges, private health insurance is a smart choice.
Does everyone in your family need private hospital cover?
Covers all or some of the costs of hospital treatment as a private patient (in both public and private hospitals) including doctor’s charges and hospital accommodation.
Still got questions about the Medicare Levy Surcharge?
Covers treatments generally not available under Medicare, including dental, optical, physiotherapy, chiropractic and natural therapies.
You can purchase hospital only insurance, extras only insurance, or combined hospital plus extras cover.
As a general rule, the more expensive the health cover you choose, the more hospital procedures and extras treatments will be included and the more money you’ll get back when you claim.
Needs change depending on things like lifestyle, life stage, health issues and financial situations. That means that a single 30-year-old looking for basic hospital and extras cover will have a different list of requirements to a young couple planning on having their first child.
Let’s start by looking at the Australian Government incentives and surcharges that affect the price you pay, and were designed to encourage more people to buy private health insurance.
This is an income-tested rebate that most Australians with private health insurance receive. It helps to reduce the cost of health insurance for both hospital and extras covers.
The Medicare Levy Surcharge was introduced by the Australian Government to encourage people who earn above a certain income to take out private hospital cover, and to use the private system to reduce demand on public hospitals.
Can add between 1% and 1.5% of your income to your tax bill if you don’t have an eligible private hospital cover and you earn over $90,000 (for singles) and $180,000 (for couples and families).
Can add an extra 2% loading for each year you’ve gone without hospital cover over the age of 30 (up to a maximum of 70%), and takes 10 years of continuous hospital cover to remove.
If you’re single and earning over $90,000 (or a couple or family earning over $180,000), buying private hospital cover can help you to avoid an extra tax called the Medicare Levy Surcharge (MLS).
The MLS is a surcharge of between 1% and 1.5% of your income if you don’t have private hospital cover. The good news is that you can buy a basic level of hospital cover for around the same price as (or even less than) the additional tax you might have to pay.
All Australian Unity hospital (and hospital plus extras) covers help you avoid or reduce the MLS and LHC loading , so it’s not just the rebate that’s helping you to save money.
The MLS is calculated on a daily rate, so if you only have private hospital cover for part of the financial year, you may have to pay MLS for the remaining part of the year.
Government incentives and surcharges aside, it’s important to choose a level of cover that meets both your health and financial needs.
That could mean long waiting lists, and no choice of doctor or hospital—or if you self-fund, it can mean large out-of-pocket costs
Don’t shop by price alone though—cheapest does not always equal best value. You’ll often find that paying just a little extra each month can actually end up saving you money, because you’re covered for more services that you’ll actually use.
Depending on your level of cover that can mean choice of hospital and doctor, scheduling surgery at a time that suits you, and getting a private room (where available)
After adding up the money you can receive back in claims, and considering whether any of the Government's incentives and surcharges described above apply to you, you may find that health insurance is a lot more affordable than you expected.
That’s extra tax that you could have avoided if you’d bought private hospital cover
If you’ve got questions about something that’s not covered here, check out our Private Health Insurance FAQs.
Put that $1000 towards the cost of your private hospital cover—and if all you’re after is the basics, you might even end up with some change in your pocket
A reminder from your accountant each year at tax time that you should take out private hospital cover!
Depending on your level of cover you can be treated as a private patient in both private and public hospitals and be covered for emergency ambulance transportation
So it makes good sense to get your private hospital cover sorted out and avoid paying extra tax.
The Australian Government sets the MLS levels. The following table shows the levels as they apply from 1 April 2016.
Single parents and couples (including de facto couples) are subject to family tiers. If you have dependent children, your income threshold for MLS purposes increases by $1500 for each child after the first. To determine whether your child is a dependent for tax purposes or if you want more information about MLS levels, please contact your registered tax agent or visit the ATO website.
The surcharge is payable for every day for which you don’t have private hospital cover within the financial year.
This means if you buy private hospital cover on 1 July and maintain it throughout the financial year, you won’t pay any MLS. However, if you purchase private hospital cover after 1 July, or do not maintain your cover for the full financial year, you’ll pay the surcharge for every day you don’t have private hospital cover.
If you are a family and earn over the threshold, everyone in your family including all dependant children must have private hospital cover to avoid the MLS.
All of Australian Unity’s private hospital covers can help you to avoid paying the MLS. (Note that extras only cover does not exempt you from paying the MLS.)
Check out the covers that are popular for people who simply want to avoid MLS
Bupa health members receive a 10% discount on their home and contents insurance premiums.
Existing Bupa health members receive a 10% discount on insurance for their vehicles.
Bupa Pet Insurance is general insurance issued by the insurer The Hollard Insurance Company Pty Ltd (ACN 090 584 473; AFSL 241436) (Hollard), is promoted by Bupa HI Pty Ltd (ACN 000 057 590; AR 354269) (Bupa) and administered by PetSure (Australia) Pty Ltd (ACN 075 949 923; AFSL 420183 (PetSure). Bupa acts as an authorised representative of PetSure. Any advice provided is general only, has been prepared without taking into account your objectives, financial situation or needs and may not be right for you. Consequently, before acting on this information, you should consider the appropriateness of this information having regard to your objectives, financial situation and needs. You should obtain and consider the Product Disclosure Statement (PDS) (PDF, 3.8MB) in deciding whether to acquire or continue to hold, Bupa Pet Insurance.
Browse our health information by A-Z index
Use this tool to get an idea of whether you're a healthy weight for your height.
Advice and information you can trust, and real stories to help inspire you to live a longer, healthier, happier life.
Use this tool to calculate a measure of your body fat based on your height and weight.
Designed by health experts, health hubs inform and support you in making health decisions for you and your loved ones.
Save at Australia's largest provider network with over 10,000 dental, optical, chiropractic and physiotherapy providers
Chief Financial Officer (CFO) and Director, Strategy, Australia and New Zealand
Chief Medical Officer, Australia and New Zealand
Managing Director, Bupa New Zealand and Acting Managing Director, Bupa Aged Care Australia
At Bupa, we exist to help our members live longer, healthier, happier lives. And as a leading healthcare organisation in Australia and New Zealand, we're well placed to support and look after you and your family's health. > Our Bupa story
Our shared values play a pivotal role in ensuring that we help people live longer, healthier, happier lives - not only the lives of all our members but also those of our employees. > Our Bupa values
We operate Bupa Aged Care Services, Bupa Health Dialog, Bupa Optical and Bupa Wellness.
Our team enjoy a happy work environment, positive work culture, training and educational support, subsidised private health insurance, discounts on travel, home, car and life insurance and more. > Continue
If you think you're the kind of person who would thrive in our organisation, we'd like to hear from you. > More information
Since 2005, we’ve supported over 100 projects, focused on turning exciting research into real health & care improvements for all Australians.
Our team enjoy a happy work environment, positive work culture, training and educational support
Why do my premiums go up every year?
Top 6 ways Bupa gives you more
7 clever ways families can get more value from private health insurance
Preparing for pregnancy with private health insurance
Why do my premiums go up each year?
Wish it was easier to compare policies? Want to learn how to spot quality cover? Our guides below can help you become more informed about private health cover.
With access to Medicare for Australians, many people are asking this very question. Although the reasons differ for many of us, here are some of the main advantages to get health insurance and stay covered.
The public system’s waiting lists can be extremely lengthy. But if you have private health insurance, depending on your level of cover, waiting lists can be significantly reduced and in some cases non-existent. Which potentially means faster attention. You will also get “locked in” dates meaning that you’ll know exactly when your operation is.
You’re feeling nervous about an operation in the public system, and then when the day comes you discover you’ve never actually met the surgeon operating on you. Having private health insurance removes that uncertainty. It allows you to personally choose your doctor well in advance, and gives you the opportunity to seek peace of mind.
Individuals who have a taxable income of $90k or more (or a couple with a taxable income of $180k or more) and have not purchased an appropriate level of private health insurance, need to pay an extra 1-1.5% of their income in tax each year. It’s called the Medicare Levy Surcharge (MLS). Having an appropriate level of hospital cover frees you from that obligation. If this applies to you, why wouldn’t you avoid the MLS. You may wish to discuss with your tax adviser.
It’s not only in hospital when private health insurance is beneficial. Do you go to the dentist? Do you need to see a physio? Dental, optical, physio, chiro and many more services like these are usually not covered by Medicare. Having Extras cover allows you to claim some of those fees back. It’s cost effective and allows you to be proactive in managing smaller health issues before they become bigger problems.
You’re young and healthy, so don’t need health cover, right? Unfortunately, it doesn’t always work out that way. No family history of serious illness? But you can’t always know what’s around the corner. Something unexpected like needing to have your tonsils out, or treatment to help you manage an injury from a freak accident could land you on a public hospital waiting list for months – or a hefty fee in a private hospital if you’re not insured. Having health insurance provides that peace of mind knowing that if and when it becomes necessary to visit the hospital, you’re covered for the best the system can provide.
Every year around March, many health insurance members receive an annual letter or email with the news that their health cover premium is about to increase. With household expenses for Australians on the rise, understandably it’s not news that anyone is looking forward to receiving. However, there are a number of reasons why a rate rise is necessary.
Health costs in Australia are driven by an ageing population which needs more medical and surgical care, along with new and expensive medical and treatment options and the increasing costs of healthcare delivery. About 85-90% of your premium pays directly for the ever-increasing cost of healthcare delivery, including payments to doctors, hospitals and other medical costs. When these costs go up, everyone has to pay more – including through health insurance premiums.
As world-class healthcare helps Australians live longer lives, an ageing population also puts additional pressure on our health system to deliver ongoing care. In the last two decades, the number of people aged 85 years and over has more than doubled, compared with a total population growth of 32% in that same time.
At Bupa, we’ve been working hard to keep health cover affordable, but in order to improve affordability, we need to look at how money is being used by healthcare providers. We also need to focus on making healthcare itself more affordable and target the ineffective, unnecessary or wasteful aspects of the health system.
Rate increases vary from insurer to insurer, and from policy to policy. While it may be tempting to switch providers following an increase in your current premium, or even to consider cancelling your cover all together, there are a couple of important things to consider.
Firstly, if affordability is an issue and you’re looking to move to a cheaper cover, be sure to look thoroughly at the inclusions, exclusions and minimum benefits of a new cover.
Secondly, if you’re considering cancelling your health cover completely and then decide to take out a new policy in the future, you may need to re-serve waiting periods and pay the Government’s Lifetime Health Cover loading if you’re aged over 31. Some insurers will allow a small gap period between the end of your old policy and the start of your new one, but this varies across the industry. In addition, if you earn over $90,000 (singles), or over $180,000 (couples/ families), without appropriate hospital cover you may have to pay the Medicare Levy Surcharge at tax time - which is more than the cost of some of our hospital covers.
The good news is that you can avoid the rate rise. If you pre-pay your premium in full before 1 April 2017, you can lock in the current rate.
We’re always looking for ways to improve our cover and enhance our services. In fact, everything we do is about delivering more value for members, so their lives are not just happier and healthier, but also easier.
Here are six of the reasons our 4 million health insurance members experience value every day.
No one is exactly like you, so why should your health cover be like everyone else’s? Our range of options lets you choose the cover that’s right for you or your family, and provides flexibility for when your needs change. We also understand that health cover is often a case of choosing something you can afford. That’s why we provide quality cover options that suit a range of budgets.
We believe that the word ‘private’ should actually mean private. That’s why whether you choose a basic or top hospital cover with us, you’ll be covered for a private room in most private hospitals across Australia for the services included on your policy*. Plus, if you pre-book at a Members First hospital you’ll receive a private room or you’ll get $50 back per night from the hospital*.
We understand that illness can strike at any time including when your GP is not available. If you’re unwell after hours you can book a bulk billed home visit from 13SICK National Home Doctor Service, and as a Bupa health insurance member you will be treated as an After Hours Plus patient. This means you can be supplied medications from a list of commonly required medications on the spot, at no cost so treatment can begin immediately.
We’ve built great relationships with thousands of providers in our Members First network, which includes dentists, physios, chiros, podiatrists and optical providers nationwide. It means you’ll have more choice, and in most cases, less to pay for your treatment. Depending on your choice of cover, you can get between 60% and 100% of the cost back (up to your yearly limits)#.
We believe you shouldn't be blindsided by the cost of hospital treatment. We have agreements with most private hospitals and day surgeries so we can give you more certainty about your hospital visit well before you arrive. At the majority of these hospitals, you’ll be covered for hospital costs related to your stay (except for any excess or co-payment that may apply to your level of cover).
Even when you’re in great health, there are still plenty of ways to get everyday value from your cover. Bupa Plus is an exclusive range of rewarding health discounts, tools and more to help you live a healthier, happier life.
*Subject to availability and where medically appropriate. Private room must be requested and booked at least 24hrs before admission. For every night a private room is unavailable, you’ll receive $50 back per night from the hospital. Applies to overnight admissions only. Excludes ‘nursing home type patients’, emergency care, same-day stays or where a private room is medically inappropriate.
#At Members First providers for most items covering dental, physio, chiro, podiatry consultations and selected optical. Excludes orthodontics and hospital treatments. Fund and policy rules, and waiting periods apply.
Here at Bupa, we think the best decisions are made when you have more information rather than less. It’s always important to check detail so you’re comparing apples with apples.
That’s why we’ve put all the information you need in one place – to help make comparing your cover easy as pie.
Health insurance policies can contain a combination of the following three things: hospital, extras and ambulance cover. When reviewing policies, it’s important to make sure you compare the same level of cover (eg. hospital cover with hospital cover) for a fair and accurate assessment.
Understanding the 3 key components Hospital cover contributes towards the cost of treatment as a private patient in either a private or public hospital – including accommodation, operating theatre, intensive care and labour ward fees.
Extras or ancillary cover helps towards the costs of everyday health services that may not be covered by Medicare eg. dental, physio and optical.
Ambulance cover can range from emergency only cover to more comprehensive policies that cover you for non-emergency situations.
Exclusions and costs When comparing hospital covers, it’s important to look at the fine print. Are there any services your cover excludes? For those services that are included, how high is the level of cover? When comparing the price of hospital covers, check to see if the policy has an excess or co-payment. An excess or co-payment on your cover can lower the overall price of the premium, but will mean a payment is required upfront if you do need to go to hospital.
Before you start searching for health cover, make a list of all the ‘extra’ health services you’re likely to need in the foreseeable future. Do you use a physio or visit the dentist? Do you need glasses?
Once you have a list of these services, compare the percentage or amount you’ll get back for a particular treatment and the dollar limit of what you can claim each year (or in some cases, over a lifetime).
Most Extras covers cap the amount you can claim per year on each service like ‘general dental’, ‘optical’ or ‘physio’. Other products will have a combined yearly limit that groups several services together and lets you claim up to that single set amount for all of those services. For example, if physio, osteo, chiro and natural therapies are all grouped together, it means that these services share an overall yearly limit. The more services that are bundled together, the more restricting it can be.
Handy tip: If there is more than one person covered under your policy, remember to check that the limit for each Extras cover is per person or per membership.
Find out whether your health insurer provides additional support to help keep you healthy every day, in addition to supporting you when you’re sick or injured. For example, here at Bupa we offer Bupa Plus, an exclusive range of health discounts and tools to provide value to members even when they’re well. We’ve also teamed up with 13SICK National Home Doctor Service to provide our members with access to After Hours Plus. So when you book a bulk-billed home visit, the doctor can provide common medications on the spot, at no extra cost. We also publish The Blue Room, an online magazine that inspires a happier and healthier life.
If you’re going to use a comparison website, it’s important to be aware that:
So there you have it. We hope we’ve given you enough information to help you make educated comparisons when it comes to choosing your cover.
Private health insurance gives you peace of mind that you’ll have access to health care when the unexpected occurs. But it isn’t just for emergencies – in fact, it can offer value in your everyday life.
It sounds like a no-brainer, but using your extras cover when you need to can be a simple way of getting greater value from your health insurance. Most extras cover allows you to claim money back on check-ups at the dentist, visits to the physio or contribute to the costs of prescription glasses. Some even cover natural therapies and health aids and appliances.
A “gap” is a common private health insurance term which describes the amount you need to pay over and above what you get back from Medicare and your health insurer. A gap can occur when a doctor charges more than the Government’s Medicare Benefits Schedule (MBS) fee.
In order to reduce gap costs, some health insurers have arrangements that can eliminate or reduce medical costs while admitted to hospital. Our Medical Gap Scheme is designed for exactly that, and we’re continuing to make improvements to this scheme.
To find out if you will need to pay a gap, be sure to ask your doctor before you go to hospital.
Some insurers have made arrangements with a network of healthcare providers to reduce how much you need to pay on certain services. By choosing to visit one of these network providers, members can benefit from the certainty of knowing how much money they will get back in most instances. A good example of this is Bupa’s Members First network of dentists, physios, chiros, podiatrists and optical providers across Australia. By using a provider in this network, members can receive between 60% and 100% of the cost back of most items up to yearly limits#.
Regular visits to the dentist or optometrist may not excite the kids. But what is exciting is cover that includes gap free for kids, which can save parents a lot of money. With our family packages, you’ll also have no gap to pay for most kids’ visits to a Members First dentist, physio, or podiatrist as well as for selected optical packages, up to yearly limits^. Some policies even have no excess payment if your kids are admitted to hospital (such as our family packages).
When you suspect a hospital visit may be in you or your family’s future, getting advice from your health insurer could save you time and money. They can walk you through what to expect and help you understand the costs involved.
#At Members First Providers for most items covering dental, physio, chiro, selected optical and podiatry consultations. Excludes orthodontics and hospital treatments. Fund and policy rules, and waiting periods apply.
^For most items covering dental, physio, chiro, podiatry consultations and selected optical. Excludes orthodontics, orthotics and hospital treatment. Child dependants only. Fund and policy rules, and waiting periods apply. Set benefits apply at other recognised providers. Available on all family packages, Ultimate Health Cover, Silver, Gold and Platinum Extras when taken with hospital cover on a family membership.
Are you thinking about adding a bundle of joy to your family? When you begin looking into things like hospitals, doctors and birth plans, choosing an option that suits you can seem like a minefield. To help give you some clarity, here are some questions to ask.
If you want to select your hospital, choose an obstetrician and see the same one throughout your pregnancy, and increase your likelihood of getting a private room, then having private health insurance may be the right option for you. On top of this, there are a range of pregnancy related benefits that vary greatly from insurer to insurer. If you’re looking for maximum value from your cover, comparing features can really pay off.
For example, some of our covers including our Growing Family package provide additional pregnancy benefits, including parenting education classes and eight weeks of additional support after your baby is born to help you with things like breastfeeding. Our arrangements with Members First hospitals also mean that if you book a private room more than 24 hours before your admission and don’t receive one, you’ll get $50 back per night from the hospital*. If you’re in need of additional support with your transition to parenthood, Bupa members with a hospital or combined hospital and extras package have access to PIRI’s Parent and Baby Wellbeing program.
Many people don’t realise that you need to serve a 12-month waiting period before you can claim on hospital costs for childbirth from your health insurer. So if you’d like to give birth as a private patient, be sure to investigate your cover options well before conception. If you already have health cover that includes pregnancy cover and have served your 12-month waiting period, you won’t have to re-serve this if you move to an equivalent policy with a different health insurer - as long the transfer is made within 60 days of cancelling your previous policy.
Take care when choosing or upgrading your cover, as not all health insurance policies cover pregnancy. Many lower cost policies may only cover minimum benefits for pregnancy (including childbirth), or may only cover you as a private patient in a public hospital. You also want to make sure your policy covers your baby once they are born in case they require immediate hospital care – most single policies won’t cover you and your baby, so shop around and increase your coverage before your baby arrives.
If it's important to you to have your partner nearby when your newborn arrives? Choosing to have your baby in a private hospital can give you a higher chance of securing a private room than in a public hospital. This may also offer the opportunity for your partner or family to stay overnight with you. Some private hospitals also provide hotel accommodation for you and your partner after your baby's delivery if it's medically appropriate.
Many people assume that their private health insurance will cover the majority of costs associated with having a baby. However, health insurance can only help cover costs for ‘inpatient’ services – meaning those services you receive while you’re admitted to a hospital. Our Bupa Medical Gap Scheme can help further reduce or eliminate these costs.
*Subject to availability and where medically appropriate. Private rooms must be requested and booked at least 24 hours before admission. For every night a private room is unavailable, you’ll receive $50 back per night from the hospital.
Even when you’re in great health, there are still plenty of ways to get everyday value thanks to Bupa Plus. An exclusive range of rewarding health discounts, tools and more to help you live a healthier, happier life. Find out more
Do you go to the dentist? Do you need to see a physio? Dental, optical, physio, chiro and many more services like these are usually not covered by Medicare. Having Extras cover allows you to claim some of those fees back. It’s cost effective and allows you to be proactive in managing smaller health issues before they become bigger problems. Plus, if you visit our Members First extras provider, depending on your choice of cover, you can get between 60% and 100% of the cost back (up to yearly limits).#
We believe that the word ‘private’ should actually mean private. That’s why whether you choose a basic or top hospital cover with us, you’ll be covered for a private room in most private hospitals across Australia for the services included on your policy.* Plus if you pre-book at a Members First hospital you’ll receive a private room or you’ll get $50 back per night1.
We understand that illness can strike at any time, including after hours when your GP is not available. That’s why our members have complimentary access to After Hours Plus from 13SICK National Home Doctor Service. This means when you book a bulk-billed home visit, common medications can be provided on the spot, at no cost so you can start getting well sooner. Find out more
Our range of family packages include gap free for kids on most dental, physio, podiatry consultations, and selected optical packages at Members First providers. Plus, selected optical packages are also gap free for mums and dads at Members First providers. Yearly limits apply.
We’ve built great relationships with thousands of providers in our Members First extras network, which includes dentists, physios, podiatrists, chiros, and optical providers nationwide. It means you’ll have more choice, and in most cases, less to pay for your treatment. Depending on your choice of cover, you can get between 60% and 100% of the cost back (up to yearly limits)#.
1. Private room not covered for minimum benefit services or exclusions. Subject to availability and where clinically appropriate. Private room must be booked and requested at least 24hrs before admission. For every night a private room is unavailable, you’ll receive $50 back per night from the hospital.
1. Private room not covered for minimum benefit services or exclusions. Subject to availability and where clinically appropriate. Private room must be booked and requested at least 24hrs before admission. For every night a private room is unavailable, you’ll receive $50 back per night from the hospital. 2. Fund and policy rules, yearly limits, lifetime limits and waiting periods apply.
**For families with an adjusted taxable income of $180,000 p.a. or less, with a 25.934% rebate in NSW. Assumes no LHC loading.
1. Private room not covered for minimum benefit services or exclusions. Subject to availability and where clinically appropriate. Private room must be booked and requested at least 24hrs before admission. For every night a private room is unavailable, you’ll receive $50 back per night from the hospital. 2. Child dependants only 3. Fund and policy rules, yearly limits, lifetime limits and waiting periods apply. 4. For most items covering dental, physiotherapy, podiatry consultations, and selected optical packages. Excludes orthodontics and hospital treatments. Child dependants only. Fund and policy rules, and waiting periods apply. 5. For most items covering dental, physiotherapy, and chiro. Fund and policy rules and waiting periods apply. Excludes orthodontics and hospital treatments.
1. Private room not covered for minimum benefit services or exclusions. Subject to availability and where clinically appropriate. Private room must be booked and requested at least 24hrs before admission. For every night a private room is unavailable, you’ll receive $50 back per night from the hospital. 2. Child dependants only 3. Fund and policy rules, yearly limits, lifetime limits and waiting periods apply. 4. For most items covering dental, physiotherapy, podiatry consultations, and selected optical packages. Excludes orthodontics and hospital treatments. Child dependants only. Fund and policy rules, and waiting periods apply. 5. For most items covering dental, physiotherapy and chiro. Fund and policy rules and waiting periods apply. Excludes orthodontics and hospital treatments. 6. 12 month waiting period applies.
Health Insurance for Australian Singles, Couples and Families
Health Insurance for Corporations, Businesses and Associations
Health Insurance for Healthcare and Financial Service Providers and their Clients
HICA makes finding the right cover at the right price easy. You can get a quote instantly using the HICA Online Cover Selector.
For those who prefer a personal approach, HICA's services include our free, no obligation health insurance assessment. This assessment service can be accessed by completing a free health insurance assessment form or contacting us on 1300 732 757 and includes the provision of a no obligation policy recommendation and quote selected from the enormous range of policies available through HICA. Read more
HICA's services include a review of your circumstance and a personal policy recommendation and quote. This service can be accessed by contacting us. Read more
HICA can source, appraise and coordinate the development of a health insurance package of the highest quality and value for corporate client employees and members. Often corporate packages can be badged with a company or association logo. In many instances, small business with similar requirements can benefit from previously developed company or association plans. HICA's corporate services can be accessed by contacting us. Read more
There are few things more frustrating than seeing clients compromise their health care treatment due to cost – or be forced to pay extra tax or surcharges because they failed to take our health insurance or choose an appropriate cover. That’s why we’re pleased to offer our no obligation health insurance assessment service to healthcare and financial service providers, and their clients.
HICA's free assessment service can be made available to your clients simply by providing them with an assessment form - available from HICA by contacting us. Read more
Discover why so many people are choosing us.
Become an HBF memberfrom just $2.95 per week* with our Dental Saver
Enjoy a great range of extra discounts and benefits, just for being an HBF health member.
If you’re with another health fund and switch to HBF, you won’t have to re-serve any waiting periods. No sweat!
* Price based on WA rates for a single premium paid annually by direct debit. A single Dental Saver policy costs $152.85pa, which is equivalent to $2.95 a week after deducting a 25.934% Australian Government Rebate on private health insurance. Other rebates may apply depending on age and income.
We're a little different from most health funds; we're not driven by profit but by improving and safeguarding the health of our members.
That's why, since 1932, we've focused on helping hundreds of thousands of Australians lead healthier lives and get the most from the healthcare system.
Put simply, it means the profit we make goes back into the fund instead of being divided among shareholders.
On average, over the last 5 years we've paid out more cents in every dollar in premiums to members as benefits, than the industry average.
To find out more about how the fund operates, and read our latest annual report, go to Governance and structure.
Our people and policies ensure our members' interests come first. Find out more about how HCF works.
We champion all Australians' health by choosing partners who share our vision of a healthier future.
We’ve been putting Australians’ health first for more than 80 years. Discover our story so far.
Questions to make sure you have the right health cover
Have you compared covers and rates in the past 12 months?
Do you know what you are covered for? Are you paying for benefits you don't need?
Can you save by mixing and matching health plans?
Have you given your health cover a health check?
Peoples health cover needs change over time (as too do policy benefits) and new plans are introduced to the market each year. By regularly reviewing policies which provide appropriate cover for your circumstances you may be able to reduce your monthly premiums. You may also consider a higher excess plan to reduce premiums - but be sure you can afford the excess in case of an accident or illness. Compare rates now.
If you're paying for benefits you don't use (like maternity or orthodontic), you might save money with a plan that restricts or excludes those benefits. On the other hand, if you're paying too much out of pocket for recurring medical services (like prescription glasses or chiropractic), consider a plan that includes appropriate cover for these benefits.
Just because you're looking for hospital and extras cover doesn't mean that you need to have both cover types under the one policy or with the one fund. By considering your hospital policy needs separately from your extra's policy - you might achieve a much better overall coverage and premium. Search hospital only and then extras only policies online.
If you recently turned 30, changed your marital status, recently had a child, experienced a shift in income, moved interstate - or if you anticipate a change in your circumstances in the year ahead - it may be time to reconsider your health insurance coverage. This is also true if your children are no longer dependants under your family cover - both you and your child should review your cover options.
As a Health Insurance broker, HICA is your advocate. We are committed to providing you with service and guidance that you can rely on. HICA’s ongoing service ensures that your health cover remains appropriate to your requirements and represents exceptional value for money.
More information about Health Insurance for Overseas Visitors
As a visitor to Australia you may not be covered by the national health scheme and getting medical treatment can be very expensive.
If you are coming to Australia to work, study or travel you will want to know what your options are when it comes to getting health insurance organised for the length of your stay.
The Australian national health scheme, Medicare, provides Australian residents and eligible visitors to the country with free and subsidised medical treatment
Overseas visitors have their eligibility for Medicare determined by their country of origin, type of visa and sometimes the last country they resided in.
Visitors from countries with reciprocal health care agreements have limited access to Medicare and it is strongly recommended that they find the appropriate health insurance cover.
If you do not qualify for access to Medicare, you may find that your visa requires you to take out private health insurance cover.
HICA can help you to make an informed decision on which health insurance cover to chooseby offering a personalised service that ensures that you find the most appropriate plan for your needs.
There are a range of health cover options available, which vary for working visitors, students and tourists, and you will not have to look any further than HICA to help you in choosing the best suited health plan.
Visitors interested in working in Australia will need to have the appropriate working visa in order to be eligible for employment.
Visa options include the working holiday visa and the Subclass 457 (long stay) visa among others, and in some cases you may be required to organise health insurance in order for the visa to be granted.
Applicants for the working holiday visa are recommended to take out health insurance for the length of their stay in Australia, as visitors are unlikely to be covered by Medicare unless their country of origin is under the reciprocal health care agreements.
Holders and applicants for the subclass 457 visa are required by law to have health insurance under a visa condition that commenced from September 14 2009.
Evidence of adequate health insurance will need to be provided, in order for the subclass 457 visa to be granted.
We can help working visitors find the plan that fits their visa requirements and is also the most appropriate plan for their needs.
Overseas students interested in studying in Australia, who are not covered by reciprocal health care agreements, are required to take out a specific health insurance policy called the Overseas Student Health Cover (OSHC).
It is a condition on a temporary student visa to take out OSHC, which assists in covering the costs for medical treatment and care while staying in Australia.
HICA can help students to find the policy that will best suit their requirements with a free assessment/quotation service that will provide professional recommendations and policy quotations for their benefit.
Medical treatment in Australia can be very expensive, so even if tourists are only in the country for a short stay it would be wise to seek health cover - especially if their country is not under the reciprocal health care agreement with Australia.
Tourists are responsible for all the health-related costs they incur during their stay in Australia, so seeking an insurance plan can aid in anticipating any costs that may come resulting from an accident or illness.
In applying for a tourist visa, visitors may be asked to provide evidence that they have health insurance to pay for emergency medical treatment in Australia.
HICA can assist in finding the most appropriate plan to satisfy these visa requirements, and tailor the health cover to suit the needs of tourists and their families.
If you elect to be treated as a patient in a public hospital by a doctor appointed by the hospital, Medicare will pay for the total cost of the treatment with no charge to you. You cannot choose your doctor and treatment may not be available immediately for non-emergency conditions.
In a public hospital you will be treated at no charge by a hospital appointed doctor. If you elect to be treated as a private patient Medicare will cover you for 75% of the Medicare Schedule fee (MBS) Fee for services provided by your medical practitioner whilst you are being treated as a private patient in a public hospital. In this instance you may have to pay a “Gap” payment being the difference between the MBS scheduled fee and the fee charged by your medical practitioner
Under the Australian Governments Pharmaceutical Benefits Scheme (PBS) you pay only part of the cost for prescription medicines purchased at pharmacies provided the medication is on the PBS medication schedule. The balance of the cost is covered by the Australian Government. The Government reviews the scheme on an annual basis to determine the proportion to be paid by the public. From 1 January 2011, the maximum payment was $34.20 for PBS medicines or $5.60 if you have a concession card.
Medicare eligibility is generally restricted to people living permanently in Australia who are:• Australian citizens excluding Norfolk Islanders;• permanent residents who have obtained a permanent visa;• New Zealand citizens; or• Persons with applications for permanent residency under consideration (excluding applicants for parent visas) or other types of visas. • Visitors from countries with whom Australia has Reciprocal Health Care Agreements
What are the options for business health plans?
HICA can help you find the right health insurance plan
Health Insurance Consultants Australia is one of Australia's leading independent corporate health insurance consultancies. With over 30 years experience in development, implementation, ongoing monitoring and service for corporate health plans for employers of all sizes.
HICA's top 5 tips to help you get the most from your health insurance and save.
Many people join a health fund and then never get around to reviewing their cover. Over time, people’s health care needs change – and health funds often change the benefits and premiums of their policies. So after you’ve been a member of a policy for a few years, the policy you have may no longer be the best one for you. It’s important to have a good look at your needs every year to make sure your cover is best suited to your requirements. You can undertake the review yourself or you can use HICA’s free, no obligation review service. HICA's health cover health check.
Health plans for Australian employees and members of groups and associations
Most people can name only 4 or 5 health funds – and they probably belong to one of those. But there are dozens of health funds operating in Australia – many with exceptionally competitive covers and premiums. And you don’t need to be afraid of switching funds. Legislation now gives health fund members the right to switch funds on the same level of cover - without having to serve new waiting periods in most cases – even if there’s a pre-existing illness or condition. Learn more about switching health funds.
You don’t have to buy your hospital cover and extras cover from the same health fund. By separating theses 2 policies, you will have a much broader range of options to choose from. With HICA’s help, you can often arrange each component with a different fund to give you more appropriate cover, better rebates and premium savings.
By choosing an excess on your hospital cover, you agree to pay part of the bill if you go to hospital. In return, the health fund gives you lower premiums. Excesses can range from $100 up to $1000. The more you agree to pay (i.e. the higher the excess) the lower your premiums will be. So if you’re unlikely to need to go to hospital, choosing an excess is a great way to save.
The Medicare Levy Surcharge is an extra tax of 1.00%, 1.25% or 1.50% (depending on income tier) and is in addition to the normal 1.5% Medicare Levy. You have to pay the Medicare Levy Surcharge if you don’t have eligible hospital cover and have an annual taxable income* in the 2013-14 Financial Year of greater than $88,000 for singles; or greater than $176,000 for families (the family income threshold increases by $1,500 for each dependent child after the first). So singles with a Medicare Levy Surcharge liability can expect to pay an extra tax of at least $840 pa and families will pay $1680 pa or more. Learn more about Medicare Levy Surcharge.*Taxable income for Medicare Levy Surcharge purposes includes Reportable Fringe Benefits.
Health Insurance for Singles, Couples & Families
Find the right cover at the right price
Save time - select and join online
Your Free Health Insurance Assessment and policy recommendation
Whether you’re joining health insurance for the first time or are long term members simply looking for a better option, we can help you to find an appropriate cover to meet your requirements and budget.
We make it easy to choose health insurance by allowing you to pick the features you want. For example, if you are young and single and you might be less likely to be interested in cover for pregnancy, IVF treatment or hip replacement. But you might be keen to keep your options open on chiropractic, physiotherapy and remedial massage. Mix and match your private health insurance benefits You don’t have to buy your hospital cover and extras cover from the same health fund. By separating theses 2 policies, you will have a much broader range of options to choose from. With HICA’s help, you can often arrange each component with a different fund to give you more appropriate cover, better rebates and premium savings.
Once submitted, a HICA consultant will assess your requirements and review the details you provide, identify the most appropriate option for your needs and forward full details for your consideration. This policy information will generally be sent to you by post or email within 48 hours of receiving your assessment details.
Health Insurance Consultants Australia Pty Ltd (HICA) is Australia's leading independently owned health insurance consultancy and brokerage. We offer bespoke health insurance solutions to Corporate, SME, professional groups and associations as well as individuals.
We have been providing specialist health insurance advice and assistance for more than 30 years. In that time, we’ve helped tens of thousands of Australians secure appropriate, affordable health insurance and extensive experience working with Australian domiciled and multinational companies. Our clients have head offices in all major Australian capitals as well as North America, Europe and Asia. Our capabilities include arranging full spectrum of domestic, inpatriate and expatriate health insurance, together with comprehensive general insurance products and services.
We specialise in private health insurance but provide a wide range of corporate, commercial, small business and individual insurance products and services.
Our specialised health insurance consulting and broking services to corporates, SME, small business and professional associations include;
Presentations to client stakeholders on the health insurance plan and claims procedures as required
HICA has developed a diverse range of innovative and flexible plan structures designed to accommodate all scales of organisations and the full spectrum of funding scenario's from fully voluntary to fully subsidised. HICA plan structures are designed to reduce legislative exposure risk; provide cost control and certainty to the employer whilst also fracilitating alignment of the corporate health plan with HR recruiting and retention objectives.
HICA not only brings value to our clients in the development and implementation of an optimal plan structure, but additionally in the ongoing administration, performance and sustainability of the plan.
As part of our service offering we conduct a comprehensive review to ensure that your health plan programme is tailored to your requirements and that any decisions regarding the health plan going forward are highly informed by an understanding of available plan structure, funding and underwriting options.
Our approach to service involves the development of a formal documented process as outlined in our Client Service Plan, whereby every step in the process we will be providing you during the course of the programme year is detailed.
HICA has the most experienced and dedicated corporate health insurance management team in the industry, with combined health insurance, financial services, employee benefit and insurance broking services experience in excess of 100 years.
Our experienced team uphold a culture of providing industry best solutions, tailored advice and excellent customer service.
An overview of our senior executive team credentials is can be viewed here. We believe that our teams’ expertise and commitment to deliver excellent services is second to none.
The key to our success is our teams customer service focus and in depth understanding of the dynamics of the health insurance market. This includes knowledge about the key drivers of costs, benefit developments, which insurers are the innovators and the followers, the strengths and weaknesses of benefit strategies, putting it simply, knowing what works and what doesn’t work. The end result is a corporate health plan that meets your objectives, budget and is accepted by employees as a valuable addition to their benefit package.
Ensuring our clients can make informed decisions about their insurance combined with an ongoing commitment to continuously deliver professional services is the key advantage we provide to our clients.
Importantly, we will monitor your cover arrangements to ensure that it continues to provide value in benefits and premiums relevant to your requirements.
Keeping you up to date with policy alterations and important insurance related news
Providing you with professional ongoing service and assistance with any health insurance related matter
HICA's services to Australian individuals, couples and families are free and without obligation. You do not pay additional fees or incur higher premiums for using HICA's services.
Assisting you to make an informed decision regarding your health insurance and ensuring the policy you join through HICA continues to provide you with excellent value in both cover and cost is at the very heart of what we do.
Having built our reputation on trust, integrity, knowledge and the delivery of service excellence we have developed a proven track record to look after and advise our many clients on the complex subject of health insurance.
Honesty and integrity Honesty and integrity are core values of our organisation.
Professionalism We exercise care, responsibility, sound judgement and equality when carrying out our services.
Competence We bring appropriate skills and capabilities to every client assignment.
Objectivity We are objective in forming our professional opinions and the advice we give.
Customer Focus and Satisfaction We believe listening to our clients requests and understanding their needs. We strive to exceed client expectations in affordability, quality and service.
Compare and buy policies from some of Australia's leading health funds
Comparing some of Australia's biggest private health fundsWe compare plenty of policies across our range of health funds, so you can rest assured you're making the right choice. While our range of health insurance policies is always growing, we don't compare all providers in the market.
Get the right health insurance with iSelect
How users rated our health insurance service
Need help choosing the right health insurance for you?
Every policy needs a check-up from time-to-time to make sure it's still in good health. Not only will it give you peace of mind, it could also save you money.
Encouraging Australians to take out private hospital cover, the MLS is an additional tax (on top of the standard 2% Medicare Levy) for those who earn above a certain income and don't have private hospital cover. Read more
Encouraging Australians to take out private hospital cover, this Australian Government initiative provides a rebate based on your income to help make private health insurance more affordable. Read more
LHC encourages Australians to take out and maintain private hospital cover earlier in life by adding a 2% loading for any Australians who don't have private hospital cover before the 1st of July following their 31st birthday. Read more
A waiting period is the time you need to wait before you are allowed to make any claims for benefits on your cover through your health insurance fund. Waiting periods apply for new or increased levels of cover. Read more
Private hospital cover is health insurance that covers your costs as a private patient while you are in hospital up to the MBS (Medicare Benefit Schedule) fee. Extras cover offers benefits for out-of-hospital treatments that commonly include dental, physiotherapy and optical. Read more
On the 1st of April each year, health insurance funds generally increase their premiums. These changes generally cover the growing costs and variations of services and claims, as well as any increase in the cost of medical treatments and medical technology. Read more
It’s easy to consider changing health funds if you’re unhappy with the service, but most people don’t consider a regular policy review as their life progresses through different stages. Read more
We compare plenty of policies across our range of health funds, so you can rest assured you're making the right choice. While our range of health insurance policies is always growing, we don't compare all providers in the market.
Provide us with a few details and the type of private health insurance you're after.
Our experts know their stuff. Their smarts, combined with our technology, means you get the right private health cover from the right health fund to meet you needs.
*iSelect is Australia's #1 health insurance comparison site based on Hitwise data covering November 2015 to November 2016. More info
LHC (lifetime health cover loading) is an Australian government initiative introduced on 1st July 2000, to encourage people to take...
If you're a 25 year old, do you really need to be covered for dentures? Or if you're 65, do you need IVF cover? Here are a few...
A lot of people get caught as they do not look for health cover until they actually fall pregnant. Get cover early - it will mean...
There are many Aussies who don't fully understand what the phrase "hospital and extras" means in the context of their health...
Waiting periods protect you and your chosen health fund from consumers joining for financial gain, as this can lead to increased...
If you simply want the peace of mind of having access to a hospital bed when you need it, then Hospital Only Cover may be the answer.
Find out more about Private Health Insurance
Some people choose Hospital Only Cover to meet the Medicare Levy Surcharge requirement for high income earners for tax reduction purposes. Even if this is the case, it’s still important to understand which fund offers great benefits and aligns to your needs.
Hospital cover will often come with cost reduction options ranging from co-payment, excess and per night capping, right through to premium packages that cover most hospital costs.
An important issue in choosing hospital insurance is the actual private hospitals you can go to with each particular health fund. Funds are now commonly striking agreements with selected hospitals. These agreements may limit your choice of hospital in a particular area.
If you have a full cover option in a fund that covers your choice of hospital then you are covered for the full cost of staying in these hospitals (aside from any excess or co-payment arrangements). Cover for non-agreement hospitals depends on the fund’s particular policy. Some funds may only pay a basic rate set by the government, and other may pay slightly more.
When choosing hospital cover, it’s important to get a copy of each fund’s hospital list (showing those hospitals with which they have an agreement). iSelect can also provide a fund summary list that includes all hospital agreements across its participating funds. This can save you considerable time and energy in selecting hospital cover for your needs in your particular area.
In regional and rural areas selecting a fund that has a local hospital agreement is vital, as you may incur significant incidental costs and/or inconvenience should you have to travel to an alternative hospital. It is imperative that your choice of fund provides access to a suitable and convenient hospital.
It’s also important to check for any other restrictions that may apply to your choice of hospital cover. For instance, some funds may exclude specific treatments or place restrictions on certain treatments meaning that they may only cover part of the total cost.
About Health Insurance – Why Do People Get Private Health Insurance?
There are many reasons why people take out private health insurance. They are generally seeking peace of mind – the security of knowing they can get access to the right level of care and treatment they require while being financially protected. Key benefits of private health insurance include:
Additionally, consumers have also been encouraged to purchase private health cover by a range of government initiatives including Lifetime Health Cover, the Australian Government Rebate and the Medicare Levy Surcharge.
For more information on private health insurance, check out these helpful pages:
What is LHC Loading and how does it work?
How long is the LHC Loading applicable for?
LHC (lifetime health cover loading) is an Australian government initiative introduced on 1st July 2000, to encourage people to take out private hospital cover and ease the pressure on the public system. It is designed to be taken out early in life and maintained over time, otherwise you will incur a penalty.
Australians who don’t take out private hospital cover before 1 July following their 31st birthday generally face paying an annual 2% financial loading, in addition to the base rate premium for private hospital cover.
For example, if you wait until you are 35 to take out private hospital cover, you could pay an extra 10% on top of your premium. If you wait until you are 40, you could face paying up to 20% more, if you wait until you are 45, you could face paying an additional 30% on top of your premium and if you wait until you are 50, you could pay an additional 40%.
If you take out hospital cover before 1st July following your 31st birthday, you won’t have to pay LHC as long as you continue to hold eligible cover. Otherwise, in most circumstances, it is unavoidable and will increase by 2% every year until you purchase it. The maximum loading is 70%.
The best way to avoid this increase on your health insurance premium is to simply take out hospital cover before 1 July following your 31st birthday. If you turned 31 in October 2016, you’d need to take it out before 1 July 2017.
If a policy holder pays for private hospital insurance for 10 continuous years, the loading will be removed (as outlined in the Private Health Insurance Act 2007). If you were born before 1 July 1934, you do not need to pay the Lifetime Health Cover loading.
Lifetime Health Cover loading only applies to hospital cover. It does not apply to private health insurance for extras cover (general and ancillary treatment).
Speak to an expert on 13 19 20 to discuss how Lifetime Health Cover Loading will impact you.
We provide product recommendations from the following participating health funds that we act for:
We may not compare all policies offered by our participating funds but only those which they wish to offer through iSelect. This is known as our ‘Approved Product List‘, which can vary from time to time. We also may not compare all of our participating funds when recommending a policy.
ahm Health Insurance is a business of Medibank Private Ltd ABN 47 080 890 259.
* TUH and CBHS are restricted funds. This means that the funds offer health insurance to people who fit particular criteria.
*A family member may be a parent, partner or former partner, dependent child, adult child (or partner), grandchild, brother or sister (incl. partner and dependent children).
To be eligible to join CBHS, you need to be a current or former employee/contractor of the CBA Group, or an eligible family member* of a current or former employee or contractor.
Over the years we have seen tens of thousands of private health cover mismatches.
*A family member includes partner, parents, siblings, children and grandchildren
What are the income thresholds for the Government Rebate?
I have dependant children. Are the income tiers different for families with children?
What’s the definition of a dependant child?
My rebate has been reduced (or stopped). Is there something I can do about this?
Why do you need to know my level of income?
What is my applied / applicable Government Rebate?
Which portion of my income will determine my rebate entitlement?
I’m unsure what my annual income will be. How do I know which rebate amount to apply to my health insurance?
What happens if I select the wrong rebate level?
Is there any change to how I claim the rebate?
I’m thinking of dropping my hospital cover. Is there a reason I should keep it?
What are the increases to the MLS?
What medicare levy surcharge percentage will I be charged for the 2014 – 2015 financial year?
Don’t understand the private health insurance rebate and what the applied Government Rebate means? We’re here to help!
The Australian Government Rebate was introduced as an incentive to encourage more Australians to take out private health insurance. It’s designed to help Australians meet their private health insurance costs by providing a discount.
It’s a process where a person’s eligibility for a particular government benefit is determined by their level of income. For the Private Health Insurance Rebate, it means that if your income level is within one of the three defined tiers, the amount of rebate you receive may be reduced (or removed completely).
The threshold increases by $1,500 for each dependant child after the first child. Single parents and couples with dependant children are also subject to the family thresholds.
The table below shows the Government Rebates effective up to 31st March 2015.
The table below shows the Government Rebates effective from 1st April 2015 to 30 June 2015.
Yes. For families with children the thresholds are increased by $1,500 for each dependant child after the first child. Single parents and couples with dependant children are also subject to the family thresholds.
Health funds also have different rules and classifications for a dependant child which may impact the policies available to you. It’s best to speak with us about who can be listed as a dependant child on the policy you’re looking at.
Yes, there are things you can do. And the good news is you’re in the right place to act. We’ll aim to find you cover better suited to your needs and budget that may help to make up some or all of your lost rebate.
Your eligibility for and level of rebate depends on your annual income. So knowing your estimated annual income helps us provide the most accurate quote possible.
At your request and based on your annual income, age and marital / partnership status, we will apply the relevant Government Rebate to the premiums we quote for you based on the thresholds mentioned above.
It’ll be determined by your income for Medicare Levy Surcharge purposes. This includes your taxable income, fringe benefits, superannuation contributions minus any net investment losses. If you have a spouse, your combined income will be used to calculate your rebate entitlement.
We simply require an estimate. The key is to select the range you think will be closest to your annual income.
The tax office will determine the rebate you’re entitled to when you lodge your tax return at the end of the year. If you claimed:
Private hospital cover provides peace of mind in the event of a medical emergency, not to mention the freedom to select a hospital, doctor and treatment date of your choice. Holding private hospital cover may also exempt you from having to pay the Medicare Levy Surcharge (MLS).
Eligible Australians can be taxed up to 1.5% of their taxable income for not having private hospital cover. For many higher income earners, it makes better financial sense to have received the benefit of private hospital cover then pay up to 1.5% more in tax.
The threshold increases by $1,500 for each dependant child after the first. Single parents and couples with dependant children are also subject to the family thresholds.
This table shows the MLS percentage you’ll be charged by the Government if you, your spouse or your dependant children don’t have hospital cover. The MLS will be prorated for the days you do not have hospital cover.
Can I Switch Health Insurance Funds? Yes! Switching is Easy.
Had you considered that your requirements may have changed ?
There’s an easy way to compare your options
Your specific needs and risks change as you go through life, yet many people stay with the same health insurance policy. It’s smarter to review your health cover.
Why should you pay to cover yourself for pregnancy if the kids have already packed up and left the family home? What’s more, you need cover for more risks than when you were younger.
If you still have the health insurance policy you had 5 years ago, chances are you could be saving money or at least getting better service and benefits for your hard earned dollars.
Here are a number of things to consider as you think about your current health insurance.
If you are simply switching between funds to an equivalent or lower level of cover generally you don’t have to re-serve those waiting periods. This is protected by government legislation to ensure your freedom of choice, but in some cases you may be caught out.
iSelect offer a matching system based on a needs analysis that can be completed online or over the phone.
We don’t charge you for this – we charge our participating funds , so you get the same prices offered directly by the funds (excludes some special offers that may be offered by selected funds), a choice of great policies, paperwork filled in and quality advice all for free! Compare health insurance with iSelect now.
1) Don’t pay the taxman more than you have to
2) Consider giving your current hospital cover a health check
4) Match the policy to your needs
6) Excess or Co-payments, try to avoid paying both when you purchase a Hospital policy
Beware: If you’re moving up the income scale you could end up losing a percentage of your taxable income through the Medicare Levy Surcharge (MLS).
The MLS will increase to 1.25% if you earn over $105,000 ($210,000 for couples, families and single parents) and 1.5% if you earn over $140,000 ($280,000 for couples, families and single parents).
For more information about the MLS please contact the Australian Taxation Office, or consult a tax professional.
There are a range of great health covers out there so don’t be afraid of switching funds. If you are currently covered for a particular service on your hospital policy you generally will not have to re-serve waiting periods (in most cases) if you change health funds – this is protected by law. People often don’t switch funds because they believe they have to re-serve waiting periods. However, legislation guarantees that if and when you change funds you will not have to re-serve waiting periods for services you were covered for with your previous fund. This is called continuity of cover. Don’t forget to review your policy – make sure the premium is competitive. Before switching funds, iSelect recommends that you check to ensure that waiting periods will not need to be re-served.
Your hospital and extras covers don’t necessarily need to be with the same health insurer. By using different health insurers for your hospital and general treatment policies (extras) you could be doing yourself a favour and helping to save on your hospital and extras policies. How you may ask? There may be an extras policy with another health fund that pays better rebates for services that are important to you – like orthodontic or optical services, whilst yet other health funds may offer a hospital policy that better suits your current needs. It is important to review your current policy/s and make sure that the premiums you are paying are competitive and cover you for all the services that you need. This could substantially reduce your out-of-pocket expenses.
iSelect helps take the complexity out of shopping for private health insurance. iSelect has the advantage of being able to compare policy combinations from across its participating funds and to enable you to purchase your chosen policy quickly and simply. iSelect can also help you compare your existing policy against iSelect’s participating health funds.
Excesses or Co-payment options vary from health fund to health fund; you generally either pay one or the other.
Ideally try and ensure that you are not purchasing a hospital policy that requires you to pay both, an excess and a co-payment, when you are admitted to hospital. This could end up being a very costly exercise for you.
Excess and co-payments explained: An excess is an upfront payment that you agree to pay before the health fund benefits are payable. The excess is applied on each admission into hospital for the year, however, it could be capped at a total amount that you would have to pay in a year.
A co-payment could be a lesser amount that is paid each day for the services that you receive in hospital. For example if you were in hospital for 3 days you pay $150 ($50 per day x 3 days). Co-payments could be as high as $250 per day. Like an excess, the co-payment that you pay in a year is generally limited to a set amount. Some hospital policies do not require a co-payment to be paid for day surgery.
If you agree to share the cost of your hospital bill by paying an excess or co-payment, you could reduce the cost of your premium. Generally, the higher the excess or co-payment you are willing to pay, the lower the premium. Health funds offer hospital policies with either an excess or co-payments, or sometimes both. There are even some funds that do not charge a co-payment for day surgery.
If you are a single with a taxable income over $90,000 ($180,000^ for couples, families and single parents), you may wish to choose a hospital policy with an excess equal to or less than $500 for singles or $1,000 for couples, families and single parents. In doing so, you may avoid paying the Medicare Levy Surcharge that requires you to pay 1% in tax if you do not have qualifying hospital cover (with the appropriate excess).
*The threshold amount of $180,000 for couples, families and single parents increases according to the number of dependents there are on your hospital cover. For more information about the surcharge please contact the Australian Taxation Office, or consult a tax professional.
Packaged cover offers benefits towards the cost of an extensive range of other health care services.
Compare private health insurance with iSelect today
Why should I get Private Health Insurance?
Is it time you reviewed your private health insurance? Research suggests so...
Private Health Insurance and Tax - What you need to know
1. You have more control over your health care
2. No waiting in queues for treatment
3. More money back on other health services
Is it worth paying for health insurance? The average annual premium for a family policy in 2016 was $3,8351*. You could be forgiven for thinking that you’re better off putting that amount of money aside each year, just in case you need it for medical bills.
But health insurance is about much more than just covering costly bills. Here are five top reasons why health insurance is a really good idea:
With private health insurance, you can choose your own doctor and hospital from those who participate with your fund without having to worry about astronomical fees. If you have a serious medical condition, it can be extremely reassuring to know that you are getting the very best care in a great facility. And many people like the option of being able to have a private room in hospital – which is something that private health insurance is much more likely to provide.
When it comes to your health, you don’t want to be waiting for months to fix something. Yet on the public system, there can be lengthy waiting lists – particularly for elective surgeries. Yes, the public system provides great care in emergency situations. But if your condition isn’t life-threatening, then you may need to resign yourself to a few months – or longer – of discomfort while you wait for your name to reach the top of the list.
Health insurance can give you great bang for your buck if you take out an extras policy. Depending on your policy, you could get money back every time you visit the dentist, physio, chiro, naturopath and more. So, if you’re proactive about your health and view these types of preventative treatments as a priority, then you’ll be glad you’ve got a health insurance policy behind you.
Many people are financially better off by taking out health insurance. With hospital cover, you can dodge the Medicare Levy Surcharge if you earn over $90,000. For some people, basic hospital cover could be cheaper than paying the surcharge. Plus, if you take out private health insurance before you turn 31, you can avoid paying the Lifetime Health Cover loading.
There’s one thing that you can’t put a price on. And that’s peace of mind. The right level of health insurance gives you the peace of mind that you and your family are covered, no matter what’s around the corner.
Don’t pay the Taxman more than you have to
Many people are unsure as to whether they should stay in the public system or purchase private cover. But when people move from being single to a family situation, private health insurance can often be high on their shopping list.
Each ‘life stage‘ is filled with its own health challenges and getting the most appropriate cover for your particular situation is difficult without getting the right advice.
Furthermore, part of the rise in demand for people taking out private health insurance is due to the ‘age loading’ penalties – if you’re over 31, the Government adds a loading of 2% to your annual premium for each year you’re uninsured.
iSelect helps you compare a range of health insurance policies from its participating health funds, helping to put you in control of your purchase. It offers a free online and over-the-phone advice and policy comparison service.
iSelect helps take the mystery out of Private Health Insurance. iSelect helps you compare a range of policy combinations from participating health funds, plus you’re getting choices and advice on what’s available for your life stage, individual circumstances and needs. Through using iSelect, you may be able to save on the cost of your health insurance.
There are great deals out there so don’t be afraid of changing health funds. If you change funds to a similar level of hospital cover, you generally will not be required to re-serve those waiting periods for hospital cover with the new fund in most cases.
People often don’t change health funds because they falsely believe they’ll have to go through a new waiting period. But legislation governing health funds guarantees that if you switch to another fund with the same level of cover, you will get continuity of cover for hospital.
Many consumers opt for hospital cover as well as ancillary cover for dentistry, physiotherapy, optical requirements and others. There is a wide variation between funds on what you’ll get back, so make sure that your cover is competitive.
You need to work out what ’life stage’ you’re at. At iSelect, we suggest that there are five broad life stages. For example, if you’re young you may not want hip replacement, if you’re an empty-nester you probably won’t require birth cover, or if you’re 40-plus then major dental is probably on the cards. Look at your personal medial history, and tune your policy accordingly. Also by paying a higher excess you can cut your premiums.
Beware if you’re moving up the income scale you may be paying extra tax through the MLS.
For example if you’re single with a taxable income over $90,000 ($180,000 for couples, families and single parents), it’s likely you will be exposed to a 1% Medicare Levy Surcharge if you do not have private hospital cover.
So for many high income earners, it’s worth taking out hospital cover rather than paying the MLS.
Versatile Dental Insurance to Meet Your Needs
It's always a good idea to obtain dental insurance in Singapore. Dental expenses in the city-state can be ridiculously high, with courses of treatments possibly costing into the tens-of-thousands of dollars.
Pacific Prime has some of the most comprehensive dental insurance plans on the market, with very short waiting periods. Also, while co-pay may apply for certain treatments, it never will on preventive dental care.
Pacific Prime's dental insurance plans can include coverage for all sorts of dental issues, including dental surgery and orthodontics.
Dental cover is usually an additional benefit that does not come as standard on most health insurance plans. If you already have an existing health insurance plan, we can add a dental rider to it, or Pacific Prime can create a stand alone plan comprised of mainly dental benefits at a very reasonable cost.
Talk to Pacific Prime to see which of our available insurers can provide the best deal for your dental insurance.
Always willing to go the extra mile, Pacific Prime's agents can find you the best facilities in Singapore to visit for your dental needs.
Pacific Prime offers a variety of solutions that can meet your needs.
Local Insurance from an International Insurance Broker
Pacific Prime Singapore offers you free comparison of International Medical Insurance plans. Find out more about Global Health Insurance coverage from our experts.
As the world's leading advisors on international personal health insurance, Pacific Prime are in the best possible position to offer advice on health cover.
As the world's leading advisors on international personal health insurance, Pacific Prime are in the best possible position to offer advice on health cover. Singapore has a high standard for its insurance providers, and Pacific Prime is fully registered and compliant with national insurance standards.
Individual Health Insurance policies are not just for inpatient and outpatient coverages. Policies can be tailored to fit a range of different coverage needs, including dental, optical, out-patient, and evacuation plans, and the options don't end there.
We supply locally sourced medical insurance plans for expats in Singapore, as well as plans that include international coverage for when you are abroad. With offices in Singapore, you can be sure that you will have people near you that will be available to answer your questions, assist you with claims and more.
Pacific Prime can provide insurance to Singaporeans and expatriates alike. This means that you can obtain insurance coverage no matter what your visa status in Singapore may be.
Additionally, those attempting to obtain work permits can get a policy that provides them with the minimum requirements to do so.
Individuals obtaining insurance via a licensed broker, like Pacific Prime, in Singapore have the benefit of their insurer being subject to the oversight of the Monetary Authority of Singapore. However, where their oversight ends, the Policy Owner Protection Scheme steps in to add an extra layer of consumer protection. In the event that an insurer were to go out of business, and you were to need to submit a claim to them, the scheme would compensate the insured.
With policies through Pacific Prime, you may be eligible to use direct billing, which means that there's no need to pay up front before you receive medical treatment. Just another feature that makes insurance with Pacific Prime a cinch!
When your employer-provided insurance policy isn't up to snuff, Top-Up options on your current company plan are available and Pacific Prime is ready to show you how.
Experts at Pacific Prime will explain the key benefits for individuals and how the components of a plan can be added or removed to suit your choices. We help you find the right individual health insurance by evaluating your lifestyle and helping you customize a health insurance plan specifically for your unique situation.
Pacific Prime has a variety of insurance plans to cover you and your family. Get quotes and find information here.
As Singapore’s leading provider of international health insurance, Pacific Prime are in the best position to find an insurance plan for families that will find themselves outside Singapore regularly. No matter where in the world your family finds itself, they can rest assured that they will always have access to high quality healthcare.
When it comes to insurance policies, one size does not fit all. Luckily, Pacific Prime offers health insurance policies with specialized coverage for the special needs of children. Not only can specific treatments, like orthodontics, be covered, but a higher level of benefits can be provided in general.
Ask our agents about family discounts when you have more than one child on your plan.
Does your employer provide you with health insurance, but not your kids? Don't worry. Pacific Prime offers policies that provide health insurance for just your children.
Pacific Prime's insurance experts can outline the best benefits for your family and demonstrate how each component of a plan can be included or removed.
We help you find the right health policies through a highly customizable procedure in order to suit every one of your family’s future needs.
If you are looking to start a new family, we suggest a brief visit to our maternity page for newborn health insurance cover.
The cost of insurance for pregnant women has risen dramatically around the world, particularly in Singapore. Couples who now purchase a good quality maternity insurance plan in a timely fashion have the chance at a more relaxed pregnancy and delivery process.
Pacific Prime can say with certainty that we have the most price-competitive maternity benefits and the most comprehensive maternity insurance solution in Singapore. When you want the best possible value in maternity insurance, look no further.
Pacific Prime offers maternity plans with benefits and limits high enough to cover delivery costs as well as complications (including C-sections) and neo-natal care. We also offer options that cover the costs of pre-natal consultations and all required scans during pregnancy.
Plans through Pacific Prime cover single-patient private rooms. No need to share space with others. You also have total freedom when choosing hospitals, doctors and providers. There is no restricted network.
Benefits include much more than just costs for pre-natal care and delivery. From day 1 both you and your infant will be covered. Maternity policies can also include the medical treatment required for newborns if something unexpected happens. Check out more about newborn health insurance here.
Our plans have the shortest waiting periods on the market. No need to plan years in advance in order to be covered.
Read our maternity guide for Singapore in 2016, with hopsital information and prices.
Pacific Prime's experts can explain how waiting times (or a waiting period) of Singapore maternity insurance will affect your policy. We will discuss the time that must pass before any insurer will cover pregnancy expenses.
Insurers have different procedures when dealing with the more predictable expenses such as vaccinations and health checks for newborns. Financial caps and time limits on the cover being offered can also differ. We are here to help you evaluate these key aspects to determine the quality of your pregnancy insurance.
Protecting the things that matter to you
At MSIG, we believe there is a higher purpose and meaning behind what we do. By insuring our customers and the things they hold dear, we give our customers the confidence to do more and be more.
No. 3 General Insurer in Singapore *
2016 Insurer Claims Team of the Year
No. 1 for Personal Accident Insurance *
* Based on the 2016 Gross Written Premiums, General Insurance Association Statistics for the Singapore Insurance Fund (SIF).
Our financial capacity is buttressed by our parent company, Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance Company (MSI). MSI has worldwide net premiums adding up to over US$13 billion, and total assets of over US$59 billion.
MSIG Insurance is a member of the MS&AD Group, one of the world’s largest general insurance groups with operations in more than 46 countries, 16 in Asia and Oceania alone. This enables us to leverage on extensive group-wide expertise, including that of MS Amlin, the second largest Lloyd’s syndicate which was acquired by the Group in 2015 to underwrite special risks.
We are one of the few foreign-based general insurers who offer a wide range of insurance solutions across personal and commercial lines. This is made possible because of our well-established distribution networks and partnerships with global brokers, agencies, financial institutions, motor franchise as well as local and Japanese corporate clients.
Here at MSIG, we embrace a culture of trust, pride, ethics and transparency. We take heart that trust is the basis of all, and that starts with great service. Our people go above and beyond; so every time our customers need us, they can be assured we are there for them every step of the way.
We pride ourselves in delivering the best that we can. As firm believers that an informed customer is an empowered one, we strive to make things simpler so our customers can enjoy insurance solutions that are not only effective and efficient, but also easy to understand.
We recognise the great responsibility we hold towards our policyholders, business partners, stakeholders and the community, and it is important to us that we discharge our duties to all by acting with integrity and sincerity in everything we do. We set high ethical and corporate governance standards in our role as a responsible and compassionate member of the community.
Our people uphold the five core values daily in everything they do, protecting the things that matter to you and working to build a better world for all.
We are currently in the process of enhancing our site to serve you better. We apologise for any inconvenience caused.
Life is full of surprises, but with Aviva you can face the future with confidence. A life insurance protection plan gives you peace of mind when life takes an unexpected turn.
At Aviva we understand that when it comes to your loved ones it’s never too early to start planning protection for their future. We want to be part of this future, and with one of our life insurance plans we can help you stay one step ahead of life.
Buffer your life coverage during crucial periods to bridge protection gaps for yourself and your dependents.
Being seriously ill taxes you physically and financially when you have no means to pay for medical care and other expenses that come along. Guard yourself with a CI plan.
A range of comprehensive and value-for-money coverage designed especially for members and affiliate members of MINDEF & MHA, including their dependants.
Finding it difficult to make head or tail of all the protection products out there and which ones might be suitable for you?
It’s one thing to be ill and hospitalised but the trauma that comes from an accidental injury (such as dismemberment) or death from an accident can be even more damaging, especially when there is financial burden involved.
The first thing you need is a comprehensive insurance plan that picks up the expenses for your hospital stay and provides extra coverage for a barrage of pre and post hospitalisation medical needs such as tests, scans, therapy sessions, specialist visits, mobility aids and more.
Complicating matters further, medical costs are mounting. Having the right coverage amount makes a huge difference. Here are examples^ of three large claims paid by Aviva between 2013 and 2015, to show just how much hospitalisation and medical treatment bills can rack up…
* Source: Based on Aviva’s medical claims history processed in 2013 to 2015. ^ Amount incurred refers to the total bills which Life Assured may have incurred beyond one policy year. It includes payouts from MediShield, MyShield and MyShield Plus (if applicable), but exclude pre or post hospital treatment claims.
Introducing Aviva’s MyShield plan – an additional cover that integrates and complements the benefits of MediShield Life* to give wider and higher protection of up to S$1,000,000 annual policy limit and as charged1 coverage at public or private hospitals for the medical expenses incurred.
For more details, please refer to the Product brochure and Policy Contract.
Free newborn benefit Free newborn benefit applies to a newborn child(ren) from 15 days old or the date of discharge from hospital after birth, whichever is later. The benefit ends on the date the newborn is 6 months old or takes up a Medisave–approved integrated shield plan, whichever is earlier. Both parents must be covered under Plan 1 or Plan 2 continuously for at least 10 months from the cover start date of their respective policies on the newborn’s date of birth.
Discounted premium rates for child(ren) Discounted premium rates for children refers to the Family Discount for Child(ren) which is applicable to the child up to age 20 at next birthday (ANB). Please refer to Product Summary for more details.
Add on Aviva's MyHealthPlus to your MyShield plan for even more benefits to your medical coverage.
Your health is an asset. Don’t let critical illness turn it into a liability.
We live in a world where good health can’t be taken for granted. Critical illness can happen to anyone, at anytime…
*You will enjoy all the benefits of Option A except free cover for child(ren).
What are you doing to protect yourself? With today’s medical advancements, early diagnosis of illness is possible. There is good evidence that the treatment of critical illnesses at the early stages can improve your chances of recovery.
There is nothing more important than your health. From the early and intermediate stages of critical illnesses6, we are here to help you manage the financial expenses that come with it—so you can focus on treatment and recovery.
My Early Critical Illness Plan provides you with an upfront, lump sum payout upon diagnosis7 so that you are financially prepared for the expenses that will come with it. It’s the peace of mind that you deserve.
Please contact your preferred Financial Advisor for a copy of the relevant Product Summary/ies.
For more details on how My Early Critical illness Plan works and its covered critical illnesses, please refer to the Product Brochure.
To provide you with an affordable option for additional coverage beyond basic MediShield Life, Ministry of Health (MOH) has worked closely with private insurers such as Aviva to develop a Standard Integrated Shield Plan (IP) based on coverage at Class B1 (4-bed) wards.
Note: We are pleased to announce that we will be increasing our Early Critical Illness (CI) limit to S$250,000 and expanding the coverage for our list of covered CI for My Early Critical Illness Plan from 1 September 2017. For details, click here.
For more details, please refer to the Product Factsheet and Policy Contract.
This is published for general information only and does not have regard to the specific investment objectives, financial situation and the particular needs of any specific person. A copy of the Product Summary may be obtained from Aviva Ltd and the participating distributor’s offices. You should read the Product Summary before deciding whether to purchase the policy. You may wish to seek advice from a financial adviser, before making a commitment to purchase the product. In the event that you choose not to seek advice from a financial adviser, you should consider whether the product in question is suitable for you.
This factsheet is for general information only and does not take into account any specific financial investment objectives, financial situation and the particular needs of any specific person. Product Summaries may be obtained from Aviva Ltd and the participating distributors’ offices.
You may seek advice from a financial adviser representative to understand the provision of a free-look period, procedures/restrictions on a claim, procedures/charges/restrictions on the termination of the policy and all warnings, exclusions and disclaimers in relation to the product, before making a commitment to purchase it.
In the event that you choose not to seek advice from a financial adviser representative, you should consider whether the product in question is suitable for you. If you decide that the policy is not suitable after purchasing the policy, you may terminate the policy in accordance with the free-look provision and we may recover from you any expense incurred by us in underwriting the policy.
Please contact your preferred financial adviser representative to find out more.
Aviva's MyAccidentGuard offers high and comprehensive protection in the event of an accident – with worldwide cover.
Choose the plan according to the amount of coverage you need – Lite, Standard, Prime and Prestige Plan.
For Life Assured sixteen (16) years old ANB and below, who sustains the Accidental Injury or Accidently Death while:
Please refer to the respective Product Summaries for complete plans’ details.
Now more so than ever, we have more options to protect ourselves against illnesses and disease. In this age of information, people have gained greater awareness and access to better healthcare, enabling doctors to detect more serious illnesses sooner.
Sadly, some diseases strike when least expected and can happen to the most health–conscious and fittest of individuals.
Cancer is one of the most common ones that can entail expensive tests, surgery, treatment and therapy. Worse still, it is something that can recur over and over again, even long after remission.
Fortunately, advancements in medical technology also mean that early detection leads to higher probability of recovery if the patient can afford to undergo the recommended treatment.
Along with preventative action, we think that our customers can empower themselves with a plan that can pay for all the necessary early–stage treatments as well as fund medical costs that occur at later stages when there is an unfortunate relapse.
My MultiPay Critical Illness (CI) Plan is designed to give you the certainty that you will receive a lump sum payout to undergo treatment and manage expenses if diagnosed with Early or Intermediate Stage CI such as cancer. Upon diagnosis of Severe Stage CI, you will get additional payouts. And should cancer recur – a family common occurrence for such diseases, you will get further payouts.
Re–diagnosed Cancer must be confirmed by a Specialist on the basis of histopathological diagnosis. Clinical Re–diagnosis of Cancer can only be adopted if histopathological diagnosis is medically not possible; in which case, the Life Assured must have documented proof or record from a certified oncologist of ongoing cancer therapy (including but not limited to radiotherapy or chemotherapy or surgery). Ongoing preventive cancer therapy (including but not limited to Tamoxifen or raloxifene) will not be accepted as a basis of clinical re–diagnosis.
Please contact your preferred financial adviser representative for a copy of the relevant Product Summary/ies.
Indivdiual health insurance plans (also referred to as "personal" or "family" health insurance) typically offer the following benefits, some of which are optional:
Get the best rates on health insurance
What does a private health insurance plan cover?
Do health insurance rates vary by province?
Why should I shop for health insurance online?
How do I save money on health insurance?
We all know the symbolic features of Canada — maple leaves, hockey, crimson-clad Mounties, and, of course, public healthcare. But just because Canadians enjoy basic health coverage, doesn't mean they should rule out a private health insurance plan altogether. Make your health (and your family’s health) a priority and get insured.
All Canadians and permanent residents can apply for public health insurance, but it may not be enough coverage for the medical procedures or care that you need. The fact is, if you don’t have health benefits through your employer, if you’re losing your group coverage, or your current benefits aren’t sufficient, you should apply for health insurance.
At the moment, the public system doesn’t cover dental costs, hospital rooms, eyeglasses, ambulance services, or many prescription drugs. According to the OECD (Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development), nearly 30% of all healthcare dollars spent in Canada are the result of private expenditures.
The good news: investing in a private health insurance plan helps you avoid paying for these expenses out-of-pocket. So, if you have a health condition or want to protect yourself from unexpected health care bills, get a private health insurance plan.
The process is similar to that of most other insurance products. You pay a premium now to get access to health benefits that will help offset any future medical bills. Your health insurance will cover a portion of (or all of) certain medical costs, like a prescription, eye exam, or dental expense. Then you just have to pay the remainder (if applicable).
A private medical insurance plan in Canada usually covers the health care, services, and medication that Canada’s government plan (or your employer’s plan) doesn’t. When you apply for private health insurance, you can get coverage for the following, depending on the type of plan you select:
Most likely. However, eligibility requirements differ by plan and provider. For example, most health insurance providers will require you to have provincial health coverage before you can be eligible for a personal plan.
Some insurance companies may also ask you to complete a medical exam. If you have a pre-existing condition, you may be denied medical coverage or offered limited benefits.
And if you’re retiring or leaving your job, you must apply for health insurance within 60 days of losing your current coverage. In most cases, you’ll also need to meet the insurance provider’s age requirements — applicants for this type of medical insurance often need to be 74 or younger.
They can. Health insurance plans are handled at the provincial and territorial level. As a result, public health insurance plans differ slightly in each province, which means private health insurance plans may differ as well. And since each province’s private health insurance plans may need to fill different gaps in coverage, average rates will vary.
But don’t worry. Whether you live in Ontario, Alberta, Quebec or any other region in Canada, we can help you compare health insurance and find the best rate available in your area.
To make sure you’re getting the best deal — plain and simple. Health insurance rates, like rates for any other type of insurance, will vary by provider and the only way to guarantee you get the right policy at a fair price is by comparing rates. And it just so happens that online comparing is easy and free.
Health insurance isn’t cheap, but there are ways to make it more affordable. Here are the three steps you need to take to get a better rate on your health insurance.
One of the many things Canadians love about our country is the fairly comprehensive health care everyone has access to without having to pay out of pocket. Of course the money has to come from somewhere and for Canadians, health care costs are generally hidden within taxes where it's hard to tell exactly how much you're actually paying for the service. Now a new study by the Fraser Institute has shed some light on the matter.
Health Canada introduced some game-changing rules regarding the sale of cannabis oil for medical use that has some experts predicting that insurance companies will finally cover the cost of medical marijuana under health benefits policies.
Say what you want about his many quirks, faux pas, and his brash Twitter account, I have to admit I kind of like the man. It’s like he’s a parody of himself. During the middle of what seems like his 7th bid for president, let’s take a closer look at what life could possibly be like under a Donald Trump presidency.
The literacy rate in Canada is among the best in the world, with 2003 census data stating that 99 percent of all Canadians are fully literate. The creators of a new national strategy passed this week hope to improve the financial literacy rate across the country to help Canadians make informed decisions with their money.
If you have terminated your employee benefits within the last 60 days then you qualify for a special type of no medical health insurance plan called conversion benefits.
What type of product are you looking for?
The Canadian Association of Blue Cross Plans is a proud sponsor of
Health and dental plans for individuals not covered by a company benefit plan, travel insurance
Group benefit plans for your employees and individual life and heath insurance plans
For more than 70 years the Blue Cross® name in Canada has stood for affordable, quality supplementary individual health and travel insurance coverage, as well as group benefits and group life insurance, delivered with trustworthy and personalized service.
Shop Online & Compare Travel Insurance Plans
The Canadian Association of Blue Cross Plans represents the independent Blue Cross member plans operating in regions across the country. For more information about the plans and services available in your area, select your province above.
Whether you're an employer looking for a benefits plan to offer your employees, self-employed, between jobs or retired, there is a perfect health care package of benefits available through the Blue Cross in your area. With the constant changes in provincial health care plans, affordable protection against unexpected medical expenses is important to everyone.
As experienced brokers we can help you get affordable travel insurance that best suits your particular needs.
The Blue Advantage program allows members of Blue Cross to save on medical, vision care and many other products and services offered by participating providers across Canada. Visit the Blue Advantage website for more information about how your Blue Cross membership can give you access to exclusive discounts.
Please note: insurance companies that we offer instant online quotes for are Manulife Financial, Allianz Global Assistance, GMS (Group Medical Services) and RSA (Royal Sun Alliance).
Who Qualifies for a Visitor Insurance Plan?
We offer many different types of visitor to Canada insurance, with instant quotes that let you compare plans online and save money.
Make sure you have visitors insurance while staying in Canada and avoid unexpected medical bills!
If you or a family member will be engaging in hazardous activities such as hang gliding, parachuting, etc. then please contact us to obtain medical insurance.
Please feel free to get as many instant, online visitor to Canada insurance quotes as you need!
Short Term vs. Long Term Disability Insurance
Sudden illness and serious accidents can result in the loss of income, which is critical to most people and their families.
Disability insurance provides protection against this by paying a monthly benefit when unable to work (as opposed to critical illness benefits, which pays out a lump sum of cash even if you are able to go back to work).
Short term DI (otherwise known as weekly indemnity) provides income for the early part of a disability. A common length of time for short-term DI is two weeks up until 150 days.
Long term DI replaces lost income for an extended period, and goes into effect after the short term DI has ended. It often ends after five years, or when the covered person turns 65, depending on the policy.
We're happy to offer employee benefits from leading Canadian insurance companies. Group insurance quotes are available, as are free consultations with a licensed, experienced broker.
You should consider personal health insurance if:
Is Health Coverage Choice the right product for you?
We offer 3 Personal Health Insurance plans:
It looks like you are using an outdated browser. Update your browser for a better experience when using our site.
Personal health insurance products help lower your risk of being burdened by expenses for preventive care or medical bills as a result of an illness or accident. While provincial health plans provide coverage for many health expenses, there are gaps that can have a significant impact on your finances. For example, depending on the province or territory where you live, you may have to pay for:
Personal health insurance products complement health coverage provided by your province. You must have provincial health coverage to be eligible for Sun Life Financial’s personal health insurance products.
Sun Life Financial offers 2 personal health insurance products: Personal Health Insurance (PHI) and Health Coverage Choice (HCC). PHI is medically underwritten and offers higher coverage levels than HCC. There is no medical underwriting for HCC, and you need to apply within 60 days of leaving a group benefit plan.
If you’ve answered yes to these questions, then Health Coverage Choice may be right for you.
If you want higher coverage levels and are willing to be medically underwritten, consider 1 of the 3 Personal Health Insurance plans we describe below.
Personal Health Insurance is for you if you don’t have adequate employer group benefits coverage. You can choose among plans with differing levels of coverage. Each person included on a Personal Health Insurance application must have provincial health coverage and will be medically underwritten.
Our most popular plan includes catastrophic drug, emergency travel medical and optional preventive dental coverage.
Our most comprehensive coverage, with a higher prescription drug maximum than the standard plan and optional dental coverage that includes restorative and orthodontic services.
Get a free online quote or to better understand which personal health insurance plan is right for your needs, talk to your advisor or find an advisor near you to help answer your questions. There is no cost to talk to an advisor.
You are about to be redirected to a page that is not optimized for this device.
Blue Cross offers a wide range of health, life and travel health products to meet the needs of individuals and groups across Canada. Coverage options include:
The Canadian Association of Blue Cross Plans represents the seven independent Blue Cross member plans operating in regions across the country. For information about the plans and services available in your area, select your province.
Group life and health plans are a specialty of Blue Cross. A plan can be tailored to meet the specific needs of your company and workforce. Blue Cross is proud to be the marketplace leader in benefit design and delivery, offering coverage to employer groups ranging from small local businesses to national companies.
Whether it’s supplementary health and dental benefits, including prescription drugs, vision, employee assistance, health spending accounts, outside-Canada emergency medical care, group life, accidental death and dismemberment, critical illness, short term or long term disability coverage, Blue Cross can meet your needs.
To help tailor a plan to suit your needs, Select Your Region. You will leave the Association website and be redirected to the appropriate regional site.
A plan for every type of traveller
Out-of-province emergency medical expenses are not generally covered by your provincial medical plan and these expenses can be financially overwhelming. For millions of Canadians, comprehensive emergency travel coverage offered by Blue Cross has become an essential part of their holiday plans.
While travelling outside your own province, some medical and paramedical expenses may only be partially covered by your provincial health insurance program. Depending on your needs, you can opt for coverage on a daily or annual basis. Whether you travel frequently during the year, take regular sun destination trips or do only occasional short trips, there is a plan that’s right for you.
Let Blue Cross travel coverage take care of any unexpected medical emergency costs so you can travel worry free. To learn more, select your province or territory to leave the Association website and be redirected to the appropriate regional site.
Helping families travel with peace of mind
Blue Cross member plans operate on a not-for-profit basis in every region of Canada, making coverage available to eligible residents in each province. Offerings include group and individual health and dental benefits, as well as travel health insurance. As coverage varies by province, contact the Blue Cross plan in your region for more information.
All member plans operate independently but are associated with the Canadian Association of Blue Cross Plans (CABCP). The Association maintains and monitors standards of performance ensuring the highest quality of service. The Association is also linked with the Blue Cross and Blue Shield Association in the United States and worldwide through the International Federation of Health Funds. Blue Cross also has a long history of managing health programs for provincial, territorial and federal governments.
In 1939 Manitoba was the first province to establish a Blue Cross plan. Forward-thinking medical and business professionals recognized the importance of prepaid health care plans to provide financial security to Canadians and it wasn’t long before the other provinces came on board with their own Blue Cross organizations.
With the introduction of Medicare in the 1960s, the Blue Cross plans adapted their products to complement the government program and help Canadians deal with rising prescription drug costs. And, as employee needs changed, many of the Blue Cross Plans introduced employee assistance and attendance programs for their group clients.
Today, Blue Cross covers millions of Canadians with supplementary coverage. The independent regional organizations offer a complete line of supplementary health, dental, travel and life insurance, as well as disability income plans on an individual and group basis. Each Blue Cross member plan is also deeply involved in its community and committed to improving the health and wellness of the Canadians it serves.
For information on the various insurance policies available to you, contact the Blue Cross plan in your region.
Blue Cross in Canada takes pride in providing peace of mind to its customers. We are also proud to be able to offer this assurance to the courageous children and their families from the Children’s Wish Foundation of Canada. As supporters of the foundation, Blue Cross provides travel insurance coverage to children and their families when a travel wish is granted.
If you are interested in learning more about the Children’s Wish Foundation, visit the website.
Whether you’re self-employed, between jobs or retired, there is a perfect health care package of benefits available for you and your family through Blue Cross. With the ongoing changes to provincial health care plans, it is important to ensure you have affordable protection against unexpected medical expenses.
Individual health plans offered by Blue Cross are uniquely designed to provide services that supplement each province’s government health plan. They offer an excellent range of supplementary health and dental benefits, including prescription drug, vision and hospital.
And did you know that the premiums for your individual health plan are eligible medical expenses under the Canadian Federal Income Tax Act?
When you are looking for individual life insurance, Blue Cross has a variety of options to suit your needs.
For information on life insurance policies available to you, contact the Blue Cross plan in your region.
